nigel_rodgers	english from
e.haldeman-julius	chilean deaths
eraclio_zepeda	mexican births
helen_kendrick_johnson	people deaths
miroslava_duma	russian writers
aleksander_świętochowski	polish from
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
david_rambo	american television
gary_janetti	american from
michael_s._moore	american american novelists
eldridge_cleaver	american from
deborah_a.miranda	american american
girija_kumar_mathur	indian from
coleman_jacoby	american from
anne-marie_cazalis	french women writers
rick_spears	american from
aluri_chakrapani	telugu births
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
robert_frazier_:writer	american science short
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
muazzam_beg	indian film
gianluca_arrighi	italian births
alija_isaković	bosnia from
ilo_mitkë_qafëzezi	albanian albanian
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
carl_solomon	american american
ignacio_ramírez	austrian deaths
alain_jouffroy	french french
gourahari_das	indian from
bimal_kar	bengali writers
emma_dolujanoff	mexican women writers
gish_jen	american short short
ernest_holmes	american from
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
onat_kutlar	turkish writers
colin_beavan	american births
amina_mama	21st-century of
margret_rey	german births
hanna_krall	people births
peggy_payne	american births
gemma_o'connor_:writer	20th-century women
pierre_nothomb	belgian from
noo_saro-wiwa	british of
bruce_feiler	american from
emilio_salgari	italian male
rebecca_walker	american women
multatuli	dutch deaths
enid_blyton	20th-century women novelists
david_small	american from
ann_donahue	american of writers
alexander_russell_webb	american from
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
neil_innes	english births
mustafa_sarıgül	living people
gabriela_babnik	slovenian from
raewyn_alexander	new zealand
amyas_northcote	english births
paul_tough	canadian people
amitava_kumar	american from
alberto_de_noronha	indian from
béatrix_beck	20th-century women
marcus_chown	michael j. is is american writer writer and
burnie_burns	american male
amy_sterling_casil	american american short
rex_stout	american from
mehrunnisa_parvez	indian women
barbara_avedon	american television writers
max_allan_collins	american american novelists
mark_valenti	american television writers
panteleimon_kulish	ukrainian deaths
richard_euringer	german male
mckenzie_wark	living people
bogomir_magajna	slovenian births
marv_wolfman	american comics
alexander_frater	australian births
brian_mcnaughton	american american novelists
rita_mae_brown	american american
natalya_baranskaya	russian short
anna_sheehan	21st-century women novelists
oskar_rosenfeld	austrian jews
greg_egan	australian from
ng_yi-sheng	singaporean people
margaret_bakkes	south african writers
maureen_herman	living people
andrea_heuser	german women
gerald_reece	english of
matt_jones_:writer	living people
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
michael_paterniti	american of birth
mario_mendoza_zambrano	colombian short
alfred_gregory_yewen	australian deaths
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
philip_dray	american of birth
genevieve_foster	american from
carol_emshwiller	american american short
perley_poore_sheehan	american from
hortense_calisher	american american
philippe-joseph_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
fredrik_bajer	people deaths
margaret_landon	american from
omar_mouallem	canadian births
grace_james	english women writers
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
petar_kočić	bosnia and herzegovina
mike_leigh	english male
raditya_dika	living births
félix_luna	argentine births
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
emilio_salgari	italian male
richard_titlebaum	american american
michael_e._raynor	canadian people
ally_condie	american women novelists
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
bruce_vilanch	american from
andrzej_maksymilian_fredro	people deaths
margery_allingham	20th-century women novelists
rafael_spinola	guatemalan short
dagmar_von_mutius	20th-century women writers
peter_ling	english births
nathanaël	canadian women novelists
michael_j._tougias	american people
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
bruce_c.mckenna	american television
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
igor_mandić	croatian novelists
christopher_paul_curtis	american from novelists
fariba_vafi	iranian births
aya_tanimura	australian women writers
nawal_el_saadawi	egyptian people
robert_chiappetta	american television writers
muhsin_al-ramli	iranian people
marguerite_young	20th-century women
audre_lorde	american american
massimo_del_pizzo	living of fiction
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
patricia_gaffney	21st-century women novelists
paulo_setúbal	brazilian births
anne_hollingsworth_wharton	american deaths
anna_maria_ortese	italian women writers
george_geary_bennis	19th-century births
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
branko_gradišnik	slovenian from
robert_j.burch	american american novelists
georges_lagrange	french french
david_sweetman	20th-century from
adam_hamdy	english births
amarkant	indian writers
donna_tartt	american women
peter_gould_:writer	american television writers
ed_lin	american american short
galina_shergova	recipients of
clifford_ball	american male short
a.l.rees	british writers
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
mark_spector	living people
brian_attebery	american american novelists
eleanor_mercein_kelly	american from
albert_dorrington	20th-century births
heike_brandt	german women writers
raziel_reid	canadian from
dhrubajyoti_bora	indian from
richard_ford_:writer	english deaths
pier_antonio_quarantotti_gambini	italian italian
michelle_olley	english births
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
adam_niswander	american american short
paul_lorck_eidem	norwegian norwegian
bi_feiyu	people women
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
dan_swimer	british of birth
charles_watts_:secularist	english births
pierre_rabhi	living births
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
gérard_de_villiers	french deaths
clara_de_chatelain	19th-century deaths
christian_cooper	american of birth
frode_grytten	norwegian births
david_gaider	canadian game dragons
patricia_ryan_:author	american women novelists
clifford_ball	american male short
beverly_cleary	american from
matthias_politycki	german women
reşat_ekrem_koçu	turkish deaths
mark_pilkington_:writer	british people
enrique_dussel	argentine from
nicolás_gómez_dávila	chilean deaths
elizabeth_korte	american television writers
o_yeong-su	south births
helio_vera	male births
margaret_bakkes	south african writers
maria_kuncewiczowa	people births
barbara_wood	american women novelists
oswald_wynd	british of
christianne_meneses_jacobs	american of
rita_clay_estrada	21st-century women novelists
consuelo_de_saint_exupéry	french french writers
rikard_spets	norwegian people
amanda_browning	women romantic fiction
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
peter_stursberg	canadian of
barbara_smucker	american women
murry_hope	english births
felicia_skene	19th-century deaths
chester_himes	american from
christopher_paul_baker	people of
nigel_nicolson	people of
riccardo_calimani	italian births
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
felice_schwartz	american women
dani_michaeli	american male
arthur_drews	german deaths
alex_leslie	21st-century women novelists
ananda_chandra_agarwala	indian from
alvin_schwartz_:comics	american comics
meir_shalev	israeli births
hertha_pohl	austrian births
harold_acton	english of
mary_renault	20th-century from
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
risto_ahti	mexican writers
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
maría_lejárraga	polish male
anthony_burgess	english from
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
harry_lawton	american from
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
helen_pidd	people of
paul_levinson	american american
gisèle_bienne	french french novelists
glenn_kurtz	american male
paul_bellini	canadian from
edith_pattou	american women novelists
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
ernest_thompson	american from
gerald_brenan	british of
henry_dumas	american from
max_kase	american from
henry_bond	english births
nowsher_ali_khan_yusufzai	bengali deaths
paul_clammer	english births
p._d._james	english of
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
charles_g.booth	american from
rabina_khan	british of
heda_margolius_kovály	20th-century women
amina_mama	21st-century of
chester_himes	american from
adrian_cole_:writer	people births
peter_gibbs_:cricketer	english educated
françois-thomas-marie_de_baculard_d'arnaud	french french
ping_lu	21st-century women
artur_augusto_da_silva	cape verdean
patrick_white	australian short
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
eraclio_zepeda	mexican births
angus_allan	people births
richard_newman_:broadcaster	lgbt male
ben_richards_:writer	english male
gegham_ter-karapetian	armenian deaths
mary_stocks,_baroness_stocks	19th-century deaths
neil_druckmann	american comics
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
hester_rogers	english births
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
raymond_abrashkin	american from
gavin_stamp	english of
danielle_pafunda	american of birth
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
olwen_wymark	american from
monica_ali	british women
carla_lane	english from
michael_mclaverty	irish irish
mike_leigh	english male
peter_hessler	american births
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
graham_swift	english male
hervé_bazin	french french
donna_andrews_:author	american women novelists
martin_hyun	living births
farley_mowat	canadian from
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
paula_gosling	21st-century women novelists
barbara_wood	american women novelists
elisabeth_borchers	20th-century women
melesina_trench	irish women
aileen_paterson	scottish of
gustaw_herling-grudziński	polish from
mullapudi_venkata_ramana	indian writers
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
hubert_crackanthorpe	english short
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
george_wilbur_peck	american from
eudora_welty	american american
arnold_arre	filipino births
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
daniela_dahn	german german
andy_hunt_:author	american births
armas_äikiä	ukrainian deaths
matt_warburton	american television
margaret_sweatman	canadian from
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
arturo_jauretche	argentine essayists
brenda_jagger	20th-century romantic novelists
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
adolf_uzarski	german deaths
michael_dibdin	british of
apostolos_doxiadis	greek births
gerald_tomlinson	american from
musa_haji_ismail_galal	indonesian deaths
charles_whiting	20th-century deaths
bartho_smit	people deaths
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
foster_kamer	american births
neil_innes	english births
daniel_nester	american from
fang_zhouzi	american births
deborah_a.miranda	american american
michelle_delio	year of birth
robert_svoboda	american from
dagon_taya	burmese births
adam_schefter	american from
nelson_ikon_wu	sri lankan
mike_yaconelli	american deaths
adolf_muschg	german from
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
hal_block	american from
paul_leyssac	people births
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
peter_gibbs_:cricketer	english educated
albert_ayguesparse	belgian deaths
daryn_tufts	american from
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
obert_skye	american of birth
michel_verne	french french novelists
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
angela_bianchini	italian women
andrew_hindes	american male
pitcheswara_rao_atluri	year of birth missing
murry_hope	english births
rachel_kushner	21st-century american novelists
rashad_haughton	american births
dr.seuss	american from
alfred_machin_:writer	people of
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
e.hoffmann_price	american american short
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
marc_platt_:writer	marc bushnaf is is a writer writer and
diana_ossana	american television
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
rashaan_nall	american male
david_horowitz	american from
darin_strauss	american american
chris_thompson_:tv_producer	american television
ed_husain	british of
andrew_kaufman	canadian of birth
henry_theodore_tuckerman	american american
mickey_z	american from
guy_du_fresnay	french male
bob_shaw	20th-century from fiction
charles_bucke	english male
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
aglaia_kremezi	canadian births writers
blanca_de_lizaur	mexican women
mitch_berman	american american novelists
heinz_knobloch	german from
david_patrick_:writer	people births
daniel_krige	australian television
anne_homer	american women writers
maxim_gorky	russian male
graham_joyce	english births
brendan_foley	canadian of writers
mary_howard_:novelist	20th-century women novelists
e.r.frank	american of writers
david_vern_reed	american comics
r._k._narayan	indian from
philippe_soupault	french french
matt_reeves	american television
dave_dameshek	american from
nigar_rafibeyli	azerbaijani novelists
charlie_angus	canadian from
c.k.stead	new zealand
barbara_baynton	australian women
charlotte_elizabeth_tonna	english women writers
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
mirzadeh_eshghi	people from
anna_de_noailles	french french
olivia_coolidge	american births
guy_davenport	american american
hemchandra_barua	asom from
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
alison_dolling	australian from
craig_walker_:writer	canadian male
richard_burgin_:writer	american births
françoise_parturier	french women writers
alexander_tarasov-rodionov	russian male
peadar_toner_mac_fhionnlaoich	people deaths
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
petr_placák	living births
evadne_price	20th-century women writers
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
harry_cross_:sportswriter	american from
afdlin_shauki	malaysian deaths
michiko_nagai	japanese japanese writers
nikhil_goyal	american of birth
mike_sussman_:tv_series_writer/producer	american people
nigel_nicolson	people of
michael_j._rosen	american male
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
elena_chudinova	russian births
douglas_kenney	american from
mike_reiss	american television writers
ilana_mercer	canadian of
richard_ballantine	american births
florence_caddy	people births
frédéric_beigbeder	french french
avasarala_ramakrishna_rao	indian indian
germaine_greer	australian from
hans_kristian_eriksen	norwegian norwegian
eric_mitchell_:filmmaker	american film
gerald_tomlinson	american from
reginald_reynolds	scottish births
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
qustaki_al-himsi	ottoman deaths
giovanni_battista_cavalcaselle	italian italian
dan_flores	american from
panteleimon_kulish	ukrainian deaths
antranig_dzarugian	armenian deaths
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
hugo_dittberner	german german
harriott_horry_ravenel	american women
ahmed_deedat	south african
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
daniel_loxton	canadian births
robert_sheaffer	american writers
arkady_davidowitz	russian births
erika_cheetham	english deaths
marie_kohler	american from
gilbert_collard	french male
paul_ernst_:german_writer	german male
michael_dibdin	british of
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
elías_pino_iturrieta	people births
daniil_mordovtsev	russian russian
daniel-rops	french french
andrea_goldsmith	australian women
marie-anne_de_roumier-robert	french women writers
agnes_hewes	american from
fiona_mcintosh_:fencer	scottish of
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
derviš_sušić	bosnia and herzegovina
mimi_leahey	american television writers
martin_walser	german from
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
grant_faulkner	american of writers
ernest_thompson	american from
blanche_mcmanus	american american writers
anna_jansson	swedish women
david_gurr	20th-century canadian novelists
muazzam_beg	indian film
aleksandrs_grīns	latvian births
félix_luna	argentine births
nathan_shaham	israeli novelists
matthew_tobin_anderson	american american novelists
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
mark_arnold_:historian	american people
caterina_albert	spanish births
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
brinsley_macnamara	irish deaths
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
greye_la_spina	american american short
n._j._crisp	english english
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
pati_hill	american births
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
marion_halligan	australian women writers
guadalupe_nettel	21st-century women
peter_bander_van_duren	german deaths
dave_jeser	american television writers
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
arshavir_shirakian	armenian deaths
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
henry_liu	20th-century from
augustus_hare	english deaths
henriette_mantel	american from
max_ehrmann	american births
anibal_joão_melo	slovenian births
andré_aciman	american american
dan_gutman	american from
rafael_nieves	american comics
a.k.chettiar	indian births
avner_cohen	american university
david_malouf	australian short
peter_rabe	american american novelists
dan_harmon	american television
brian_keenan_:writer	people of
dwight_macdonald	american from
ayi_kwei_armah	american people
don_escudero	people deaths
debito_arudou	american from
melina_marchetta	australian children's
didi_menosi	israeli jews
danny_zuker	american television writers
daína_chaviano	20th-century women
miria_george	new of writers
alexander_faulkner_shand	english of
brian_dunning_:author	american male
edgar_hilsenrath	german german
clive_barker	lgbt male
patrice_evans	american bloggers
duarte_barbosa	portuguese births
hal_higdon	american from
maría_teresa_tula	living people
dorothea_macheiner	austrian women writers
giorgio_pressburger	italian male
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
bruce_bawer	american from
coral_lansbury	australian from
alan_b.mcelroy	american male
percival_everett	american american
bill_kaysing	american births
abraham_brumberg	israeli writers
martin_andersen_nexø	danish births
andrew_lam	american american
david_gaider	canadian game dragons
gonzalo_suárez	spanish male
elizabeth_lambert	20th-century women novelists
megan_mayhew_bergman	21st-century women writers
ram_sarup_ankhi	indian from
milan_kundera	20th-century births
meto_jovanovski_:writer	living writers
nan_ryan	21st-century women novelists
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
boris_vasilyev_:writer	russian male
alonso_duralde	american from
giammaria_mazzucchelli	italian deaths
bhargavaram_viththal_varerkar	marathi-language deaths
maxim_gorky	russian male
eva_strittmatter	german women writers
bhalchandra_vaman_kelkar	people births
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
pat_condell	english educated
fran_ilich	lgbt births
gertrude_bell	english of
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
robert_beauvais	french deaths
hélène_rioux	canadian women
dorothea_macheiner	austrian women writers
david_shore	canadian from
günter_wallraff	german births
béatrix_beck	20th-century women
haru_m.reischauer	slovenian deaths
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
craig_walker_:writer	canadian male
brian_halweil	american of birth
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
pier_vittorio_tondelli	italian italian
peter_brimelow	american from
andrej_hieng	slovenian from
mark_millar	british of
patrick_meighan_:writer	american television writers
harriette_campbell	19th-century women
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
fran_roš	slovenian from
nagendra_narayan_choudhury	indian from
robert_a.heinlein	american from
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
henry_dumas	american from
andrew_kaufman	canadian of birth
oliva_sabuco	spanish births
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
fernando_gonçalves_namora	people births
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
frédéric_marcelin	croatian novelists
dan_chaon	american american novelists
peter_lovesey	english short
nawal_el_saadawi	egyptian people
aurelio_gonzález_ovies	spanish births
frank_c.matthews	american from
ningeokuluk_teevee	canadian from
beverly_cleary	american from
abd_allah_ibn_hijazi_al-sharqawi	syrian deaths
rina_mimoun	american television writers
myron_sharaf	american of
maurice_bladel	people births
pati_hill	american births
ramo_nakajima	japanese japanese
emiliano_reali	italian male
hannah_more	english women
gerry_hunt	british of
frank_schätzing	german births
agnes_hewes	american from
anthony_bailey_:author	british of
michael_brooks_:science_writer	living of writers
max_blecher	romanian novelists
bedar_mnagrio	pakistani births
miranda_lee	australian women writers
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
aya_tanimura	australian women writers
grace_lin	american women writers
robert_cohen_:writer	canadian of
anakana_schofield	canadian women writers
antoni_maria_alcover_i_sureda	burmese births
nathan_edmondson	american comics writers
meridel_le_sueur	american women
alec_robertson_:music_critic	british of
elaine_sciolino	american of
olivier_weber	french french
rick_spears	american from
chetan_joshi_:writer	indian writers
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
dorothy_m.cray	20th-century romantic fiction
blu_de_golyer	american male
amanda_mckittrick_ros	19th-century births
mercè_foradada	living people
nicholas_sparks	american american
diana_ossana	american television
peter_david	american from novelists
cate_shortland	australian births
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
derek_kirk_kim	american from
darren_barefoot	canadian male
atrpet	armenian armenian
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
mary_somerville	19th-century women
penny_martin	alumni of
mary_butts	english women
harry_l.symons	canadian canadian novelists
nirmal_verma	indian from
hovhannes_tumanyan	armenian armenian
ethan_gilsdorf	american from
marie_joseph	20th-century romantic novelists
arthur_mee	british births
afdlin_shauki	malaysian deaths
paul_teng	living births
a.a.gill	british of
bruce_bawer	american from
mike_sussman_:tv_promotions_writer/producer	american people writers
natalya_baranskaya	russian short
bruce_eisner	american male
patrick_süskind	german women
margaret_halsey	american from
dževad_karahasan	bosnia and
richard_reeves_:british_author	british people
dharmendar_kanwar	indian births
hans_krieger	german german
mohandas_nemishray	living of birth
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
harry_peyton_steger	american deaths
giuliana_morandini	italian italian
david_carr_:journalist	american from
michael_dorfman	israeli jews
mary_somerville	19th-century women
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
mark_budz	american american novelists
mika_waltari	finnish births
marusya_klimova	romanian births
arnie_lerma	american from
paul_reed_:writer	american american
robert_chiappetta	american television writers
marianne_alopaeus	dutch women
charles_de_lint	21st-century from novelists
ann_mortifee	canadian from
alan_moore	english births
alan_sillitoe	english short
andrea_heuser	german women
april_blair	american television writers
richard_walton	american from
mary_maclane	canadian women
david_leavitt	american american
dave_jeser	american television writers
daniel_lyons	american people
robert_h.abel	american american short
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
gore_vidal	american from
marshall_browne	australian australian
ben_richards_:writer	english male
adolf_fierla	polish from
hermann_kant	german of
antonio_muñoz_molina	spanish births
danny_danko	american male
didi_menosi	israeli jews
gail_gibbons	american of writers
carl_potts	american comics
philippe-joseph_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
frank_decaro	american from
charlie_coffey_:writer	american television
elizabeth_george_speare	american american novelists
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
denys_colomb_de_daunant	french births
amil_niazi	canadian women writers
alona_frankel	israeli women writers
andrea_camilleri	italian italian
mbongeni_ngema	south births
pierre_de_jarric	french male
derviš_sušić	bosnia and herzegovina
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
anthony_flamini	american comics
marie_fox	people deaths
harry_winkler_:writer	american television writers
melinda_hsu_taylor	american of writers
barbara_haworth-attard	canadian children's
eiki_matayoshi	japanese births
charmaine_cadeau	21st-century canadian novelists
mircea_damian	romanian romanian
robert_bausch	21st-century american novelists
rich_cohen	american people
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
nasir_abbas_nayyar	pakistani births
cleve_cartmill	american american novelists
hortense_calisher	american american
martha_blum	canadian women
marjorie_morgan	20th-century women writers
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
mark_pryor_:author	american from
alvin_boretz	american from
peter_applebome	american from
nikolai_leykin	russian male
robert_clark_young	american male
daniel_tammet	english of
christiana_spens	scottish of
edward_boyd_:writer	british of
denis_norden	english male
mihkel_raud	living births
matthew_tobin_anderson	american american novelists
agnes_nixon	american television
nikolay_karamzin	russian russian
mary_robison	american american
evgenia_tur	russian short
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
cary_lu	american births
david_rakoff	american american
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
michelle_olley	english births
francesco_falconi	italian births
matt_tullos	living people
cheon_un-yeong	south korean
frank_lupo	american television writers
ilya_tolstoy	russian russian
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
alex_law	american comics writers
basil_wells	american american short
melinda_m.snodgrass	marc j. is is a writer writer and
rebecca_solnit	american women
pracheta_gupta	indian people
peter_stursberg	canadian of
matt_clark_:writer	american american short
alix_kates_shulman	21st-century women novelists
asim_mahmood	pakistani births
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
craig_hickman	american from
cameron_rogers	australian births
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
frankétienne	haitian dramatists
g.a.natesan	20th-century from
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
patrick_meighan_:writer	american television writers
o_yeong-su	south births
bess_meredyth	american from
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
colum_mccann	american from
goffredo_parise	italian male
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
barry_unsworth	english of
giovanni_battista_cavalcaselle	italian italian
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
evald_flisar	slovenian from
mike_leigh	english male
ching_he_huang	british of
christopher_robbins	british births
etta_federn	mexican women
milan_kundera	20th-century births
gail_simmons	canadian from
george_jonas	canadian from
mary_hood	american women novelists
edith_bruck	20th-century women
gil_filar	canadian canadian novelists
eugene_jolas	american american
harriet_elizabeth_prescott_spofford	american american
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
pamela_morsi	american women novelists
george_egerton	irish women
adelaide_manning	english women writers
ahlam_mosteghanemi	people births
david_nobbs	english educated
richard_baker_:theologian	english deaths
nan_ryan	21st-century women novelists
guy_lyon_playfair	english births
brian_priestley	english of
elin_wägner	swedish women
robert_j.burch	american american novelists
antonio_moresco	italian italian
charles_nisard	french deaths
alexei_sholokhov	russian births
charlotte_elizabeth_tonna	english women writers
nancy_williams_watt	american television writers
pearl_s._buck	american from
elsa_joubert	south african
chito_s.roño	belgian film
edward_r.pease	english of
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
ann_c.crispin	american women novelists
rajesh_vankar	indian writers
ayu_utami	indonesian writers
bibhuprasad_mohapatra	people writers
mary_craig_sinclair	people deaths
maximilian_kravkov	people deaths
matthew_tobin_anderson	american american novelists
n.m._mohan	indian writers
haroon_habib	bangladeshi of is
gabrielle_stanton	american television writers
nicholas_sparks	american american
edward_dicey	english deaths
mike_shepherd_:author	american american novelists
peter_kalifornsky	american women
melesina_trench	irish women
grigory_adamov	russian male
helena_cobban	british of
paul_heyse	german german
fyodor_stepun	russian deaths
gary_m_dobbs	british male
elmer_clifton	american male
avram_davidson	american american novelists
noel_loomis	american from
anne_bishop	american women novelists
philip_ball	english of
edgar_allan_poe	american american
harry_leslie_smith	english of
bob_paris	american from
max_simon_ehrlich	american male novelists
nanae_aoyama	japanese births
robert_h.abel	american american short
quentin_lee	canadian from
fausta_garavini	italian italian
nancy_garden	21st-century women writers
matija_bećković	serbian of
grigory_adamov	russian male
peter_brookesmith	living births
grigory_baklanov	russian short
marko_vovchok	ukrainian births
chris_shipley	american from
norman_borisoff	american male novelists
barbara_avedon	american television writers
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
duane_swierczynski	american american novelists
dmitry_bykov	russian writers
abdul_qayum_:imam	british births
ed_husain	british of
riadh_sidaoui	living people
michael_d.ratner	michael j. is is an american writer writer and and
dorothy_macardle	irish deaths
gregg_godfrey	american television
aleš_čar	slovenian from
francis_webb_:writer	english english
emili_teixidor	spanish male
mary_turzillo	21st-century american novelists
constance_heaven	20th-century romantic novelists
catriona_sparks	australian science writers
orson_spencer	american from
brian_attebery	american american novelists
marie_rutkoski	american from
emmanuel_f.lacaba	filipino births
peter_kalifornsky	american women
eun_heekyung	south korean
peter_stone	american from
chris_campanioni	mexican births
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
pamela_morsi	american women novelists
mehdi_halıcı	turkish births
peter_stursberg	canadian of
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
per_olof_sundman	people births
bill_odenkirk	american television
rita_mae_brown	american american
andrew_klavan	american american
diego_de_valera	spanish births
richard_euringer	german male
dan_amrich	american from
diana_morgan_:writer	year of birth missing
mark_aldanov	russian male
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
maria_flook	living children's
peter_o'donnell	english from
richard_titlebaum	american american
christopher_paul_baker	people of
derrick_white_:politician	people of
nelson_algren	american american
mikihiko_renjō	japanese japanese
dan_gutman	american from
hirotaka_tobi	japanese japanese
rick_poynor	living people
brian_aldiss	english from
mariusz_kotowski	living people
alan_moore	english births
ali_mohammad_afghani	iranian births
park_taewon	people births
candy_dawson_boyd	american from
rené_boylesve	french deaths
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
giles_milton	british of writers
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
antoine_rédier	french male
fausta_garavini	italian italian
melinda_hsu_taylor	american of writers
david_madden_:novelist	american from
hans_kristian_eriksen	norwegian norwegian
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
dwayne_mcduffie	american comics
dino_stamatopoulos	american television
c.radhakrishnan	indian male
richard_bach	american from
berta_ruck	20th-century women novelists
mark_ellis_:author	living people
adam_niswander	american american short
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
dobrica_erić	serbian of
peter_simpson_:writer	new of
robert_padnick	american television writers
emma_haché	canadian canadian novelists
helene_hanff	american women
david_ohle	american from novelists
barbara_grier	american women
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
robert_barret	year of birth
daniel_vávra	video game
rafael_spinola	guatemalan short
charles_gramlich	american american short
desa_muck	slovenian from
chris_langham	english male
graham_hancock	british writers
richard_levinson	american television
hanan_qassab_hassan	syrian of
forrest_crissey	american from
abraham_brumberg	israeli writers
hilary_knight_:illustrator	american from
gabriella_ambrosio	italian births
anuraadha_tewari	indian from
mercy_otis_warren	american american
fatix_ämirxan	ukrainian deaths
giuliana_morandini	italian italian
gunnar_staalesen	norwegian women novelists
mary_kingsley	19th-century deaths
richard_gwyn_:welsh_writer	british writers
cameron_duncan	american from
humberto_costantini	argentine women
harry_bernstein	american from
eric_holmes_:videogame_designer	canadian comics is
gus_john	british of
daniel_harms	american american
frédéric_beigbeder	french french
michael_nugent	irish people
myles_wilder	american television
gary_shteyngart	american writers
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
giorgio_faletti	italian births
gyles_brandreth	english of
matthew_yglesias	american people
claude_roger-marx	french french
cynthia_defelice	20th-century women novelists
doug_moench	american comics
heidi_macdonald	american of birth
michael_lind	american from
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
richard_n._goodwin	american people
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
crystal_wilkinson	american american
dan_didio	living births
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
ignacio_mariscal	austrian deaths
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
omar_pound	20th-century from
moze_mossanen	living people
rob_pearlstein	living people
adriaan_van_meerbeeck	portuguese births
gunvor_hofmo	norwegian women writers
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
elsie_johansson	swedish women
pyotr_tkachev	imperial deaths
dan_mishkin	american of writers
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
alfred_jarry	french french
george_ade	american american
philip_pullman	english of
beau_smith	american comics
antoinette_henriette_clémence_robert	french french
panas_myrny	ukrainian male
mirkka_rekola	20th-century women
etta_federn	mexican women
patrick_süskind	german women
p._schuyler_miller	american american short
adel_karasholi	german births
marguerite_j._gascoigne	20th-century women novelists
peter_kosminsky	english male
chandramathi	indian indian
phil_leslie	american television
chantal_renaud	canadian from
germaine_greer	australian from
edmund_wilson	american from
bart_kosko	american from
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
philippe_de_commines	french male
beth_schwartz	american television birth
dick_king-smith	english of
nathan_filer	british births
may_byron	english women
milan_mirić	croatian novelists
alphonse_de_châteaubriant	french french
mirza_adeeb	pakistani from
nguyễn_ngọc_ngạn	canadian from
michael_j.sullivan_:author	michael j. is is an american writer writer and and
dan_jones_:writer	english of
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
edmund_goulding	people film
berton_roueché	american from
charles_perez	american from
robert_a.heinlein	american from
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
matei_donici	moldovan births
gary_friedrich	american comics
rob_nieuwenhuys	dutch dutch
apostolos_doxiadis	greek births
haden_blackman	american comics birth
garrett_lerner	american television writers
mavor_moore	canadian male
dayal_padmanabhan	indian film
claude_roger-marx	french french
h.g.wells	english of
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
harry_hess_reichard	american births
aly_monroe	english births novelists
fred_hando	scottish deaths
ihsan_abdel_quddous	burmese births
charlie_williams_:british_writer	english births
amber_benson	american women writers
evgenia_tur	russian short
charles_officer	canadian from
ann_marcus	american from
peter_høeg	argentine births
carolyn_reeder	american women novelists
paul_brodeur	american male
milan_kundera	20th-century births
alanda_kariza	indonesian births
giannina_braschi	american women
brander_matthews	american from
bonnie_bowman	21st-century women novelists
raymond_mortimer	people of
dimitry_elias_léger	american american
gale_wilhelm	american american
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
diana_e.h.russell	south african
nick_crittenden_:writer	british of
harjeet_atwal	indian indian
bill_oddie	english educated
dhrubajyoti_bora	indian from
michael_scarce	american of
frieda_a.murray	american women novelists
mo_willems	american from
dmitry_grigorovich	russian russian
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
meredith_averill	american television
menelaos_lountemis	20th-century novelists
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
octavio_paz	mexican women
patricia_wilson	women romantic fiction
charles_étienne_brasseur_de_bourbourg	french french
megan_williams_:author	canadian women
bob_tischler	american television writers
charlotte_zolotow	american women
dave_dameshek	american from
avrom_reyzen	american deaths
elizabeth_george_speare	american american novelists
david_malouf	australian short
martin_boyd	australian short
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
cleve_cartmill	american american novelists
mike_reiss	american television writers
meredith_tax	american births
anica_savić_rebac	serbian deaths
reginald_hill	english of
hélé_béji	filipino births
michel_onfray	french french
harvey_sachs	chilean people
harry_crane	american television
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
don_mcgregor	american comics
ritam_chowdhury	living people
david_pritchard_:chess_player	british births
frank_launder	english births
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
ilana_mercer	canadian of
abdulah_sidran	bosnia and
michael_vosse	american births
guy_hocquenghem	french french
ghulam_sarwar	bangladeshi of
catriona_sparks	australian science writers
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
michalis_fakinos	turkish people
neel_mukherjee_:writer	indian of
pallab_kirtania	living from
panchu_arunachalam	indian film
mridula_garg	indian writers
charles_victor_de_bonstetten	people births
harriet_fier	american of birth
andrea_heuser	german women
hilary_bell_:writer	australian births
meredith_averill	american television
maryana_marrash	chuvash deaths
bill_arp	american from
p._n._oak	indian writers
diriye_osman	alumni from
maurice_francis_egan	american from
fred_bridgland	british of
adele_megann	21st-century women short
richard_crasta	american male
daniele_bolelli	american male
panagiotis_kondylis	20th-century writers
aurora_levins_morales	american american
douglas_kent_hall	american from
farah_mohamed_jama_awl	people from
rebecca_eisenberg	american university
carl_sonnenschein	german deaths
ana_rosa_tornero	bolivian births
beatriz_copello	australian australian
robert_coates_:critic	american american novelists
eric_dando	australian short story
fredrika_bremer	swedish swedish
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
fazil_iskander	russian short
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
marina_ripa_di_meana	italian women
anja_štefan_:writer	slovenian women
maureen_howard	american american
hugh_falkus	english educated
adam_schefter	american from
elchin_afandiyev	azerbaijani writers
francis_trevelyan_miller	american births
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
georges_lagrange	french french
michel_ocelot	french births
giannis_agouris	turkish births
hossein_mortezaeian_abkenar	iranian births
cherríe_moraga	american american
henri_thomas	french french novelists
frederick_rolfe	english short
christoph_von_schmid	german women
david_garnett	20th-century short
a.a.gill	british of
rina_brundu	italian women writers
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
darcy_frey	american of
gertrude_bell	english of
nirmal_verma	indian from
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
edmund_wilson	american from
colum_mccann	american from
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
caro_ramsay	year of birth
george_egerton	irish women
mary_skrenes	american comics
ahmad_bashir	pakistani from
edith_pattou	american women novelists
eric_overmyer	american television
olufemi_terry	people leonean novelists
robert_a.heinlein	american from
noelle_valdivia	american of birth
oh_jung-hee	living births
nan_chauncy	australian from
nathaniel_peabody_rogers	american from
elie_wiesel	american american
gerald_brenan	british of
barbara_bloom	american television writers
camilla_cederna	italian women
chong_hyon-jong	south births
allison_silberberg	american women writers
amarkant	indian writers
ian_maxtone-graham	american television
esther_kamatari	21st-century women writers
peter_stanford	english births
paulo_setúbal	brazilian births
bernard_etxepare	year of
george_gipe	american male
andrew_clements	american from
nadia_wheatley	australian women
nikhil_goyal	american of birth
amy_sterling_casil	american american short
anita_nair	20th-century indian
olivier_weber	french french
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
mirkka_rekola	20th-century women
mary_downing_hahn	21st-century women novelists
michael_j.tougias	michael j. is is an writer writer and and
nancy_french	american women writers
patricia_wentworth	20th-century women novelists
bharago	indian from
bob_ellis	australian from
giorgio_van_straten	italian italian
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
edward_ball_:american_author	american from
margret_rey	german births
bartho_smit	people deaths
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
demetria_daniels	american women writers
nasir_abbas_nayyar	pakistani births
carol_windley	canadian canadian novelists
peter_james_:writer	english births
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
david_r.george_iii	american american novelists
ahmet_zappa	american male
annamarie_jagose	21st-century women
elizabeth_herbert,_baroness_herbert_of_lea	english women writers
helen_weinzweig	canadian canadian novelists
connie_willis	american american novelists
go_osaka	japanese japanese
gábor_görgey	hungarian from
maureen_medved	21st-century women novelists
carlo_grande_:writer	italian births writers
michel_ocelot	french births
richard_steele	19th-century of
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
multatuli	dutch deaths
ardath_mayhar	american american novelists
germaine_greer	australian from
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
michael_erard	year of birth
herman_miller_:writer	american television
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
rictor_norton	american from
nina_george	german women
maria_benedita_bormann	brazilian women
robert_asch	english educated
ignaty_potapenko	russian male
brian_keenan_:writer	people of
donal_ryan	irish people
michael_gallagher_:writer	american comics writers
august_gailit	estonian deaths
bruce_marshall	people of
andrew_coburn_:author	american american novelists
maxim_gorky	russian male
mark_bowden	american from
marie_fox	people deaths
desmond_hogan	irish short
gertrude_barrows_bennett	american american fiction
aleksandar_hemon	american american
panje_mangesh_rao	indian writers
marita_fossum	21st-century norwegian novelists
rachel_abrams	american births
hu_yepin	20th-century deaths
richard_grayson_:writer	american university
carrie_kemper	american television birth
richard_walton	american from
reiko_shimizu	living people
arto_paasilinna	finnish births
aliki_theofilopoulos_grafft	american births
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
emily_underdown	english women
anna_wheeler_:author	irish women
nuno_bernardo	american television
coral_lansbury	australian from
alice_borchardt	american women novelists
gaston_de_pawlowski	french french
may_byron	english women
helena_araújo	21st-century short
fran_striker	american from
cynthia_kadohata	american women writers
hugo_vickers	people of
bob_paris	american from
bill_mantlo	american comics
omar_ibn_said	american from
elisa_brune	belgian births
craig_lancaster	american male
richard_glatzer	american from
david_d.levine	american science short
mulumba_ivan_matthias	ugandan women
dacia_maraini	italian women
arvin_chen	american births
carla_desantis_black	american from
ernest_gébler	irish from
qanate_kurdo	people writers
fran_ilich	lgbt births
alison_goodman	20th-century women writers
andré_chevrillon	french births
henriette_mantel	american from
anna_sheehan	21st-century women novelists
peter_stanford	english births
ahmed_baba_miské	mauritanian deaths
mike_mearls	american people
elizabeth_humphreys_penrose	american american novelists
parnell_hall_:writer	american american novelists
nihal_atsız	turkish writers
michael_bennett_:film_director	living people
ngan_xuyen	spanish births
chris_bunting	english births
radovan_ivšić	croatian novelists
hans_braarvig	norwegian deaths
peter_applebome	american from
dr.pavithran	indian film
anatoly_kasheida	ukrainian from
bijan_najdi	iranian short
george_hively	american male
bonnie_macbird	american of writers
angela_slatter	australian women writers
domingo_andrés	spanish births
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
a.a.phillips	australian from
mary_brave_bird	american deaths
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
alden_jones	american from
mykhailo_yalovy	ukrainian deaths
germaine_greer	australian from
nawal_kishore_dhawal	people deaths
alex_flinn	american women novelists
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
bernard_noël	french french novelists
elmer_clifton	american male
norman_grubb	english births
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
peter_ling	english births
polyclès_langlois	19th-century deaths
michel_kilo	syrian of
eugene_george_key	american american novelists
esther_rochon	canadian women novelists
alexandru_hâjdeu	russian births
brian_glanville	english births
brian_cooke	british of
elsa_joubert	south african
gerhard_polt	german male
om_prakash_valmiki	people births
catherine_buckle	20th-century births
alice_furlong	irish women
elena_torre	italian women writers
audre_lorde	american american
alan_moore	english births
al_feldstein	american from
harold_brodkey	american from
don_marti	year of birth
catriona_sparks	australian science writers
akiva_schaffer	american male
carol_weston	american from
carla_speed_mcneil	year of birth
gary_north_:journalist	american of
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
graham_joyce	english births
nan_chauncy	australian from
hedwig_courths-mahler	20th-century women writers
danny_zuker	american television writers
ahmad_kamyabi_mask	indian writers
margarita_bobba	italian women death
raymond_mortimer	people of
félix_luna	argentine births
dave_smeds	american american short
mikal_sylten	norwegian births
richard_mabey	english of
edith_ranum	norwegian women
barney_simon	south african
pat_flower	australian women
quim_monzó	spanish births
doug_levitt	american births
brian_nankervis	australian television
richard_mabey	english of
alireza_gholami	iranian births
dave_morice	american male
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
allan_chappelow	people of
pieter_aspe	belgian births
halldór_laxness	people deaths
maryam_sachs	iranian people
charles_blackstone	american american novelists
eldridge_cleaver	american from
grazia_deledda	italian women
gary_friedrich	american comics
charles_stross	english science fiction
david_d.levine	american science short
christopher_frey	german from
duarte_barbosa	portuguese births
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
barrie_jean_borich	21st-century women writers
germain-françois_poullain_de_saint-foix	french deaths
angeliki_palli	italian italian
michael_kenward	english births
nacio_herb_brown	american from
bohumil_hrabal	austrian births
grant_morrison	people of
franco_scaglia	italian italian
nicolas_chamfort	19th-century french
matthew_ryan_hoge	american film
patricia_ryan_:author	american women novelists
dan_vyleta	canadian from
natasha_walter	living births
dorothy_cannell	american from
p._j._wolfson	american from
dean_lorey	american television
renji_panicker	indian film
michael_hodges_:writer	american male
gabriel_soriano	british births
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
charles_willeford	american from
anšlavs_eglītis	latvian deaths
emma_richler	21st-century canadian short
christopher_landon	british births
eric_overmyer	american television
mike_berenstain	american people
dorothy_sterling	american women
monica_ali	british women
david_whitley	people of
apostolos_doxiadis	greek births
anton_gill	english births
nan_nyunt_swe	burmese births
daphne_phelps	british writers
maurice_blanchot	french male
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
andayya	indian writers
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
richard_rive	20th-century african
fatima_meer	south african
mavis_biesanz	20th-century deaths
andré_aciman	american american
angela_heywood	american deaths
henry_swinburne	english deaths
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
eraldo_pecci	american fiorentina
colin_dexter	english of
pierre_bellemare	french male
manuel_delanda	marc s. is is a writer writer and
c.v.sreeraman	indian male
marjorie_celona	21st-century women novelists
charles_fort	american american
chuck_philips	american from
maria_bellonci	italian births
miles_franklin	20th-century women writers
han_kang	people women
christopher_paul_curtis	american from novelists
arthur_stanley_riggs	american deaths
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
brian_aldiss	english from
ennio_foppiani	living births
anatoly_gunitsky	soviet of
brian_c.anderson	american of birth missing
adam_resnick	american television writers
arjen_lubach	dutch births
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
gwion_hallam	british of is
michel_lawrence	living people
ed_hannigan	american comics writers
fridtjov_søiland_birkeli	people deaths
bert_sugar	american of writers
ping_lu	21st-century women
michael_christie_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
grazia_deledda	italian women
eric_kripke	american television
petro_marko	albanian short
bernie_west	american from
pandit_narendra_sharma	indian from
matthew_chojnacki	american births
césar_aira	argentine births
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
michael_hoeye	american people
gary_tillery	american from
drew_karpyshyn	dungeons from dragons
maximilian_bern	german births
gabriella_ambrosio	italian births
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
andré_breton	french deaths
dorothy_macardle	irish deaths
carla_kelly	american of writers
dale_smith_:writer	english male
charles_bucke	english male
grace_lin	american women writers
nicole_dubuc	american television
nat_perrin	american from
faranak_margolese	american people
eric_rhode	british births
alexandre_astier	french male
ann_marcus	american from
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
paul_collins_:fantasy_writer	australian people
charles_alden_seltzer	american american novelists
nicholas_tchkotoua	russian deaths
patricia_breen	american television writers
charlotte_vale_allen	canadian women novelists
rebecca_james_:author	australian children's writers
dietrich_schwanitz	german births
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
hayes_davenport	american television
frank_bartleman	american births
phakirappa_gurubasappa_halakatti	people writers
pandit_narendra_sharma	indian from
anne_digby	english births writers
alexandr_aksakov	imperial russian
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
mustafa_sarıgül	living people
mercer_mayer	american from
fariba_vafi	iranian births
richard_rubin_:writer	american from
henry_avray_tipping	english deaths
david_barr_kirtley	american american novelists
darya_dontsova	russian births
phil_klemmer	american television
phil_ford_:writer	british television
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
amiri_baraka	american from
gwyn_thomas_:novelist	20th-century short
ratnakar_matkari	indian film
dorothy_kilner	19th-century women writers
cameron_mcallister	british television
h.g.carrillo	american american
nicolas_chamfort	19th-century french
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
rebecca_winters	american women novelists
andre_dubus	american american novelists
ernest_gébler	irish from
alex_p_michaels	american of
mat_johnson	american from
gadul_singh_lama	indian male
greg_kot	american from
craig_kyle	american of birth
graeme_davis_:game_designer	video comics
everett_b.cole	american male short
igor_guberman	russian male
rob_kutner	american people
nigel_slater	english births
dejan_medaković	serbian from
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
maurice_constantin-weyer	french french
matt_nix	american television writers
moti_nandi	indian of
bernard_gheur	belgian births
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
claudia_dey	21st-century women novelists
bettina_von_arnim	german deaths
carla_speed_mcneil	year of birth
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
philippe_claudel	french births
clarisse_bader	people births
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
michel_lawrence	living people
himani_bannerji	canadian of
gonzalo_argote_de_molina	spanish births
conrado_nalé_roxlo	argentine male
elbert_hubbard	american from
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
dim_zupan	slovenian from
charles-albert_demoustier	french deaths
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
baburao_bagul	marathi-language deaths
abdón_ubidia	male short story
carlos_franz	chilean births
chuck_dixon	american comics
ian_mckay_:writer	british of
anakana_schofield	canadian women writers
helen_zimmern	english births
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
anne_marie_winston	american women novelists
ned_vizzini	american american
bob_byrne	year of birth missing
helen_zimmern	english births
moti_nandi	indian of
gary_myers_:writer	american american short
raffaele_la_capria	italian italian
holly_black	american women novelists
andrew_bovell	australian births
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
fernando_gonçalves_namora	people births
otto_mainzer	german deaths
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
francis_webb_:writer	english english
harry_crane	american television
rashid_askari	bangladeshi people
michael_carrington_:voice_actor	american television writers
mirkka_rekola	20th-century women
mike_mccoll-jones	living of birth
gore_vidal	american from
norm_augustinus	american of
alessandro_piperno	italian births
claudia_casper	21st-century women short
dave_roman	year of birth
matt_reeves	american television
peter_seabrook	english educated
anna_pappritz	german deaths
pier_alessandro_paravia	italian births
anthony_bidulka	canadian canadian
michael_jackson_:writer	english educated
adam_kuckhoff	german german
chris_marker	french male
dan_swimer	british of birth
henri_lopès	people of the of of
bruce_jones_:comics	american male short
michael_blouin_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
harold_acton	english of
djuna_barnes	american american
hernando_burgos-soto	canadian from
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
maria_belakhova	russian writers
ali_bey_huseynzade	azerbaijani deaths
greg_bear	american american novelists
charlotte_gordon	american women
frances_parthenope_verney	19th-century women writers
mihail_șerban_:writer	romanian novelists
evgenia_tur	russian short
peter_bradshaw	english births
dann_thomas	american comics
alistair_paterson	new zealand
philipp_meyer	american american
eilif_straume	norwegian norwegian
berta_golob	slovenian births
andrew_klavan	american american
peter_david	american from novelists
r._chudamani	20th-century women
hugh_howey	american american novelists
hu_lancheng	people deaths
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
riku_sanjo	living people
nagavally_r._s._kurup	indian film
foster_kamer	american births
augusten_burroughs	lgbt from
dominick_dunne	american from
gordon_lish	american american novelists
bryan_gruley	american american novelists
claire_legrand	american women novelists
richard_rodriguez	american from
michael_sampson	american from
pierre_béarn	french french
beverley_jackson	american women novelists
carol_kolb	american television birth
atrpet	armenian armenian
nikolai_uspensky	russian russian
mary_maclane	canadian women
anne_hopkins_aitken	american from
michael_ende	german women
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
andre_jacquemetton	american television writers
rick_rofihe	canadian canadian novelists
arthur_upfield	20th-century from
alexios_schandermani	iranian births
george_mcleod_winsor	19th-century women
antoni_bohdziewicz	israeli deaths
mark_weiner	american of writers
caleb_garling	american from
heinrich_lilienfein	german deaths
bernie_s.siegel	american from
albert_alberts	dutch dutch
arnie_lerma	american from
arthur_mee	british births
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
aymeric_chauprade	french male
matthew_schreuder	australian from
mary_brave_bird	american deaths
marsha_canham	canadian women writers
michael_barnes_:canadian_author	canadian of
matthew_weiner	american television
fenton_johnson	american american
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
aquiles_nazoa	venezuelan from
avner_cohen	american university
francesco_falconi	italian births
aaron_alfandari	people births
mary_elizabeth_mohl	people from
peter_stone	american from
donald_hinds	alumni of
marguerite_rawalt	american deaths
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
hitomi_takagaki	japanese births
e.c.myers	american american novelists
cynthia_harrod-eagles	21st-century women novelists
dallas_woodburn	american of birth
pierre_decourcelle	french french
alex_haley	american from
denis_johnson	american american
arthur_c.clarke	english from
eldridge_cleaver	american from
anne_hocking	20th-century women writers
hagop_oshagan	armenian deaths
hemendra_kumar_roy	bengali writers
bob_shaw	20th-century from fiction
michael_ruppert	american from
dave_godfrey	canadian from
elizabeth_kent_:writer	people women writers
myron_sharaf	american of
david_horowitz	american from
anna_de_noailles	french french
diana_e.h.russell	south african
friedrich_christian_delius	german from
meher_ramesh	indian film
norrey_ford	english romantic writers
dave_eggers	american american
melinda_m._snodgrass	20th-century american novelists
eliáš_galajda	people writers
anne_marriott	canadian women
daniele_bolelli	american male
derek_blasberg	american from
cleolinda_jones	american from
emily_mitchell	21st-century women writers
michael_a._noonan	living people
carlos_monsiváis	mexican births
c.s.rao_:writer	filipino births
dwight_macdonald	american from
coral_lansbury	australian from
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
alexander_herzen	russian russian
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
edward_kopówka	polish from
nader_kadhim	living people
ponsonby_ogle	english deaths
devi_prasad_bagrodia	indian writers
graça_aranha	brazilian deaths
brandon_jerwa	american comics
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
mavor_moore	canadian male
navid_kermani	living births
florinda_donner	american from
betty_friedan	american american
bill_lee_:author	american from
michal_šanda	living writers
richard_holloway	scottish of
muallim_naci	people deaths
dorothy_nolte	american women
eric_mitchell_:filmmaker	american film
hagar_wilde	american american novelists
aravind_adiga	20th-century births
david_mcsavage	british of
polonca_kovač	slovenian from
d.c.fontana	american from
robert_p.t.coffin	american american
georgi_vladimov	russian writers
dorothy_cannell	american from
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
amos_oz	israeli novelists
barbara_hall_:tv_producer	american women writers
mary_noailles_murfree	american women writers
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
patricio_sturlese	living people
marion_bloem	21st-century women
earl_thompson_:author	american from
béatrix_beck	20th-century women
asar_eppel	russian short
patrick_cauvin	french french novelists
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
anna-clara_tidholm	20th-century women writers
alethea_kontis	american women novelists
paul_jessup_:writer	american american novelists
martin_boyd	australian short
melissa_salmons	american television writers
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
elizabeth_george_speare	american american novelists
fathia_absie	american film
marion_lennox	australian women writers
dnyanesh_maharao	indian from
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
alfonso_gumucio_dagron	20th-century from
alissa_york	canadian women novelists
basil_wells	american american short
anna_fricke	year of birth missing
natasha_arthy	living births
melesina_trench	irish women
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
františek_čelakovský	19th-century deaths
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
heather_graham_pozzessere	american women novelists
melissa_salmons	american television writers
frank_o'connor	irish deaths
gérard_de_villiers	french deaths
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
hava_volovich	russian writers
michael_kumpfmüller	german women
moti_nandi	indian of
edna_mayne_hull	20th-century women novelists
b.l.coombes	people of
donald_gallinger	american american short
ann_parker_:writer	american of birth
nellie_campobello	mexican women writers
alan_lee_:cricket_writer	british births
giorgio_nurigiani	italian male
dan_gillmor	american of
manuel_rojas_:author	marc j. is is a writer writer and
ntone_edjabe	living births
maxim_gorky	russian male
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
aya_goda	japanese births
murry_hope	english births
diana_ossana	american television
richard_appel	american from
michèle_mailhot	canadian canadian novelists
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
arthur_bernède	20th-century french
apuleius	2nd-century romans
p._n._oak	indian writers
r.chandru	marc j. is is an writer writer and and
robert_svoboda	american from
amédée_papineau	19th-century births
graham_downs	south african
herman_rosenblat	american deaths
matthew_pitts	american television writers
donald_j.sobol	american from
ned_vizzini	american american
mick_jackson_:author	english births
h.g.wells	english of
federico_hernández_de_león	guatemalan births
christopher_robbins	british births
gavin_james_bower	english births
dan_amrich	american from
antanas_škėma	lithuanian novelists
qiu_jin	people births
hugo_dittberner	german german
peter_coleman	australian of
etta_federn	mexican women
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
miguel_donoso_pareja	brazilian deaths
barbara_delinsky	21st-century women novelists
alexander_m.phillips	american american short
dhananjay_keer	indian from
pavel_yakushkin	russian writers
etgar_keret	israeli births
colin_blumenau	british television
mikhail_artsybashev	russian male
ben_loory	american births
imogen_edwards-jones	british of
may_byron	english women
adalbert_stifter	german german
c.v.sreeraman	indian male
mykhailo_yalovy	ukrainian deaths
ananda_chandra_agarwala	indian from
paulette_bourgeois	canadian people
maria_rosseels	belgian belgian
hermann_broch	austrian deaths
moshe_pearlman	israeli deaths
robert_antoni	american from
ben_sherwood	american from
imogen_edwards-jones	british of
emily_newell_blair	american from
holly_hartman	american of birth
marjorie_williams	american from
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
abdón_ubidia	male short story
ram_sarup_ankhi	indian from
rachel_zadok	south african
felicia_skene	19th-century deaths
david_blatner	american births
anna_pappritz	german deaths
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
hiroshi_mori_:writer	japanese japanese
ellenor_fenn	19th-century women writers
george_henry_moore_:author	american from
ida_pollock	20th-century women novelists
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
anna_de_noailles	french french
mazarine_pingeot	french french
dan_michel_of_northgate	english deaths
melissa_harris-perry	american from
mateo_morrison	dominican of
g.herbert_sallans	canadian canadian novelists
nicholas_kollerstrom	british people
charles_fox_:jazz_critic	english births
christina_crawford	american women writers
carole_mortimer	20th-century romantic fiction
andy_lanning	year of birth
anton_van_wilderode	flemish belgian
peter_rühmkorf	german from
mato_lovrak	20th-century novelists
gregory_mcdonald	american american novelists
enrique_dussel	argentine from
aurelio_gonzález_ovies	spanish births
edgar_valter	people deaths
dimitrije_kantakuzin	15th-century of
charles_bucke	english male
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
alois_hotschnig	20th-century short
howard_norman	american of
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
charles_bock	american from
robert_h.abel	american american short
may_cutler	canadian women
felix_c.gotschalk	american american novelists
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
brian_cleeve	irish from
h.scott_hughes	american from
andrés_henestrosa	mexican births
claude_aveline	french french
rafael_cardoso_:art_historian	mexican births
arild_haga	norwegian births
peter_stursberg	canadian of
hart_hanson	american television writers
antonio_corma	spanish births
georgelle_hirliman	american women writers
ahmed_mohamed_al-hofi	people of
angela_arney	year of birth missing
amos_oz	israeli novelists
charles_corm	dutch deaths
peter_brash	american television writers
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
alexander_belyaev	russian deaths
alix_bosco	new zealand writers
antónio_aurélio_gonçalves	cape verdean
bewketu_seyoum	canadian of
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
constantin_stamati-ciurea	people from
daniil_andreyev	russian male
cara_black_:author	21st-century women novelists
mark_a._altman	american television writers
ben_schott	british of
carol_j.adams	american from
hida_viloria	people births
anne_wingate	american from novelists
alexander_chee	american of novelists
antanas_škėma	lithuanian novelists
michael_hoeye	american people
edward_dicey	english deaths
eva_emery_dye	american american
daniel_quinn	american american novelists
park_min-gyu	south korean
corvida_raven	american women
nicolas_deschamps_:writer	french deaths
günther_schwab	austrian births
arthur_kemp	new african
hasan_azizul_huq	bangladeshi of
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
audre_lorde	american american
alissa_nutting	21st-century of novelists
mira_mihelič	slovenian from
michael_sampson	american from
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
peter_gaffney	american people
champat_rai_jain	people births
franco_scaglia	italian italian
ravella_venkatarama_rao	indian deaths
barbara_hall_:tv_producer	american women writers
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
christine_feehan	american women novelists
byrna_barclay	canadian from
mark_shand	people of
allan_sherman	american from
anatoly_sofronov	recipients of
helen_o'clery	irish women writers
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
chris_regan	american of birth
adel_souto	american male
greg_kasavin	american from
phyllis_bennis	living people
bjørn_sand	norwegian births
bruce_tulgan	american from
glenn_rockowitz	american from
nanae_aoyama	japanese births
hans_christian_adamson	american from
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
pat_condell	english educated
francisco_gonzález_ledesma	spanish women
gisèle_bienne	french french novelists
elaine_coffman	american romantic novelists
grete_gulbransson	20th-century births writers
fran_roš	slovenian from
alison_goodman	20th-century women writers
felix_gilman	english male
bas_kast	german male
pat_bullard	canadian people
alberto_bevilacqua	italian italian
aaron_mcgruder	american from
michael_christie_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
esther_kamatari	21st-century women writers
adam_muto	american television
antony_johnston	british comics
epeli_hauʻofa	australian of
michael_shulman_:writer	american male
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
david_kalstone	american from
bharago	indian from
mark_danner	american from
abdulrazak_eid	people writers
martha_brooks	canadian women writers
c.austin_miles	people deaths
boori_monty_pryor	australian from writers
david_rambo	american television
carmen_dolores	brazilian women
edith_bruck	20th-century women
henry_herbert,_3rd_earl_of_carnarvon	english of
ada_cambridge	australian women
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
amy_peikoff	american from
dwayne_mcduffie	american comics
michel_ferracci-porri	french people
andrej_hieng	slovenian from
nellikkal_muraleedharan	indian from
allan_sherman	american from
norman_rush	american american novelists
christopher_cook_:writer	american male
marjorie_williams	american from
anna-leena_härkönen	20th-century women
claude-françois-xavier_mercier_de_compiègne	french french
adriaan_van_meerbeeck	portuguese births
conrad_aiken	american american
nancy_garden	21st-century women writers
carlo_collodi	italian italian
peter_james_:writer	english births
mark_ames	american births
marjorie_wallace_:sane	british of
allan_sherman	american from
benedict_james	british births
elmer_bendiner	american deaths
henry_rice_:writer	british births
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
omar_ibn_said	american from
gregory_orfalea	american people
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
risto_ahti	mexican writers
allen_varney	american from
polly_devlin	living people
dorothy_allison	american women
marie_kohler	american from
matthew_weiner	american television
phyllis_a._whitney	american women
hisham_matar	american of
gail_simmons	canadian from
david_carr_:journalist	american from
charles_montgomery_:writer	canadian from
ekalavyan_:novelist	indian male
françois_duprat	french births
brian_allen_carr	american births
christian_beranek	american from
ayun_halliday	american from
gerda_weissmann_klein	american american
matthew_chojnacki	american births
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
rande_gail_brown	american of writers
rasul_rza	azerbaijani from
david_leite	american of birth
c.j.stevens	american american
flavio_alves	american from
hedwig_courths-mahler	20th-century women writers
eustace_budgell	english deaths
george_moreby_acklom	british births
hildegarde_dolson_lockridge	american women
max_crawford_:writer	american from
martha_wells	american american novelists
gwynne_williams	year of birth missing
richard_calder_:writer	21st-century short
gabriel_garcía-badell	spanish births
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
mario_mendoza_zambrano	colombian short
robert_maxwell_:writer	scottish births
cynthia_enloe	21st-century women writers
dorothy_scarborough	american from
anuradha_ramanan	20th-century women
dominique_de_roux	french births
george_jonas	canadian from
bonnie_macbird	american of writers
ignaty_potapenko	russian male
frances_edmonds	year of birth missing
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
cynthia_kadohata	american women writers
david_auerbach	american of
brian_c.anderson	american of birth missing
michael_conforti	american television writers
malayattoor_ramakrishnan	manuel deaths was a a
martha_wells	american american novelists
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
anne_sayre	american women
maud_newton	american women
nigel_slater	english births
dominique_noguez	french french novelists
nathuram_premi	indian deaths
edmond_hamilton	american comics
george_dubourg	people births
chris_cleave	english male
anthony_c.west	people births
owen_kildare	american american novelists
andrew_foley_:writer	year of birth
chandramathi	indian indian
henry_liu	20th-century from
mary_renault	20th-century from
amrita_pritam	indian from
patricia_wentworth	20th-century women novelists
geoffrey_maloney	australian women writers
olof_lagercrantz	swedish swedish
gabriella_ambrosio	italian births
ian_hamilton_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
chris_claremont	english births
hector_cantú	american comics
barbara_grier	american women
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
palliyara_sreedharan	living people
robert_aron	french deaths
eileen_albrizio	american women
giorgio_pressburger	italian male
raphael_shore	canadian births
c.bernard_ruffin	people births
maurice_francis_egan	american from
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
henry_jones_:writer	english births
meg_jayanth	year of birth
dallas_woodburn	american of birth
dmitri_prigov	russian male
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
conrad_hyers	people deaths
antonio_macías_del_real	year births
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
frédéric_martel	french births
mia_couto	20th-century short
emily_smith_:author	21st-century women novelists
archie_goodwin_:comics	american age
nina_berberova	russian russian
barbara_margaret_trimble	20th-century women novelists
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
anne_eyre_worboys	20th-century women novelists
donna_franceschild	british births
dorothy_p.lathrop	american from
al_boasberg	american from
mark_porter_:writer	living births
p._schuyler_miller	american american short
meir_shalev	israeli births
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
ananda_chandra_barua	indian from
paul_dini	american television writers
are_kalvø	norwegian births
amanda_lohrey	20th-century women
martin_walser	german from
ahmed_baba_miské	mauritanian deaths
carleton_mabee	american from
robert_asch	english educated
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
henri_nathansen	male male
menis_koumandareas	20th-century novelists
aino_malmberg	people births
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
flannery_o'connor	american american
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
mirko_breyer	venezuelan births
martin_mayer	american people writers
mike_heisler	american of birth
pier_antonio_quarantotti_gambini	italian italian
giammaria_mazzucchelli	italian deaths
darrell_schweitzer	american american short
maureen_jennings	21st-century women writers
antónio_gonçalves_de_bandarra	portuguese births
nacio_herb_brown	american from
daniel_t.thomsen	american television birth
maría_de_los_ángeles_errisúriz	people births
hilda_twongyeirwe	ugandan women
al_hewetson	canadian from
amir_muhammad_:director	british births
michael_cohen_:writer	australian births
matthew_leutwyler	american births
akif_pirinçci	german from
rob_nieuwenhuys	dutch dutch
andrei_lupan	moldovan writers
mark_pilkington_:writer	british people
barbara_paul	american american novelists
harindra_dave	people births
betim_muço	albanian albanian
don_novello	american male
neal_drinnan	australian short story
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
paul_tough	canadian people
hsiao-hung_pai	british of
antoine_blondin	french male
edith_josie	canadian from
mookonda_poonacha_nitin_kushalappa	living people
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
paola_drigo	italian women
grace_mann_brown	american deaths
britta_gröndahl	20th-century women
anne_devlin_:writer	people of writers
fridtjov_søiland_birkeli	people deaths
e.b.white	american from
pai_hsien-yung	people people
edward_l.youmans	american from
basil_h.johnston	canadian from
matthew_j._trafford	canadian canadian novelists
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
nedžad_ibrišimović	bosnia and
marjabelle_young_stewart	american births
pat_jordan_:author	american braves
patrick_f._mcmanus	american from
marti_leimbach	21st-century women novelists
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
maria_theresa_lewis	people deaths
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
alexander_m.phillips	american american short
huo_da	people births
derenik_demirchian	armenian armenian
margaret_yorke	20th-century births novelists
emily_nasrallah	20th-century women
birgit_zotz	mexican births
namwali_serpell	american people
barbara_avedon	american television writers
donald_e.westlake	american american novelists
christopher_landon	british births
patrick_richardson	british of
edward_mccourt	canadian from
craig_lancaster	american male
carol_mendelsohn	american television writers
meghan_o'rourke	american women
asar_eppel	russian short
francis_leslie_ashton	20th-century women novelists
chuck_philips	american from
enzo_fileno_carabba	italian births writers
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
agnes_strickland	19th-century women
paul_levinson	american american
hayes_davenport	american television
alan_mckenzie	year comics
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
douglas_kenney	american from
eleanor_clymer	american from
henriette_de_coligny_de_la_suze	french births
david_shore	canadian from
alex_haley	american from
neal_brennan	american television
gunnel_linde	people births
dewi_lestari	indonesian births
francisco_de_moraes	year births
pierre_béarn	french french
ante_tomić_:writer	croatian novelists
adeline_sergeant	english women writers
mary_renault	20th-century from
pon_kumaran	indian film
dimitrije_kantakuzin	15th-century of
federico_gamboa	mexican deaths
maung_htin	burmese births
andrea_jutson	21st-century women novelists
edgar_allan_poe	american american
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
elchin_afandiyev	azerbaijani writers
bill_owen_:writer_and_announcer	american male
helen_pai	american television writers
mark_salzman	american from
boris_georgievich_derevenskij	russian male
michael_mcginley	year of death
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
mosse_jørgensen	norwegian births
dmitry_grigorovich	russian russian
pablo_de_jérica	spanish births
eleni_ourani	venezuelan births
francis_x.king	place of birth missing
pauline_johnson	canadian women
margaret_mayo_:children's_author	english women writers
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
christy_brown	irish deaths
dimitry_elias_léger	american american
evgenia_tur	russian short
bhabani_bhattacharya	indian of
alfredo_armas_alfonzo	venezuelan births
eric_mitchell_:filmmaker	american film
guy_n.smith	british births
federico_gamboa	mexican deaths
andrei_sinyavsky	soviet short
bernard_etxepare	year of
betty_neels	20th-century women novelists
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
deborah_a.miranda	american american
marsha_skrypuch	canadian children's
desa_muck	slovenian from
park_taewon	people births
art_edwards	american from
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
abdul_rahim_dard	malaysian deaths was
nick_joaquin	belgian births
michael_mcquarn	american television writers
pu_songling	iranian from
andrievs_niedra	latvian births
alan_sheridan	english births
ilya_tolstoy	russian russian
gary_d.schmidt	american from novelists
andre_jacquemetton	american television writers
millôr_fernandes	brazilian dramatists
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
ahmed_mourad	indonesian births
rita_clay_estrada	21st-century women novelists
margaret_landon	american from
noelle_stevenson	american of birth
e.hoffmann_price	american american short
devon_monk	american women novelists
mookonda_poonacha_nitin_kushalappa	living people
abrar_alvi	indian film directors
oktay_rıfat_horozcu	turkish writers
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
dmitry_gordon	ukrainian births
gilles-françois_de_beauvais	1693 births
pere_calders	20th-century novelists
peter_baker_:author	american of
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
harold_brodkey	american from
matt_zurbo	living of birth
consuelo_de_saint_exupéry	french french writers
myron_sharaf	american of
fred_davis_:entrepreneur	american male
p._j._wolfson	american from
geoffrey_kingscott	british deaths
helen_o'clery	irish women writers
p._schuyler_miller	american american short
nio_joe_lan	indonesian deaths
christopher_k.travis	american of birth
mignon_fogarty	american people writers
alexander_roda_roda	austrian deaths
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
beth_lisick	american of novelists
carlos_zubizarreta	people from
fred_davis_:entrepreneur	american male
dan_greenburg	american american novelists
adam_zeis	american male
philip_o'connor	british deaths
dror_mishani	israeli novelists
robert_bernstein_:comics	american comics
pascal_bruckner	french french
robert_antoni	american from
barbara_smucker	american women
robert_r.reilly	american births
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
maría_de_los_ángeles_errisúriz	people births
elias_farkouh	british births
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
a.whitney_brown	american television
diana_bachmann	british writers
barbara_love	american women writers
patrick_clarke	american from
arthur_j.burks	american from
brendan_foley	canadian of writers
anna_maria_ortese	italian women writers
eleanor_updale	british of
henry_clark_barlow	english male
emily_underdown	english women
maria_stona	20th-century women
carl_muller	south lankan
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
drew_karpyshyn	dungeons from dragons
brigitte_reimann	german women writers
melanmai_ponnusamy	indian writers
marti_leimbach	21st-century women novelists
milena_nikolova	living births
alain_robbe-grillet	french french
robert_d.cardona	american television
flannery_o'connor	american american
minna_canth	19th-century women
maria_valtorta	german births
barbara_m.joosse	american of writers
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
celeste_ng	american from of
fatima_meer	south african
peter_weiss	german from
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
mark_aldanov	russian male
hajro_ulqinaku	20th-century novelists
alberto_arbasino	italian births
amber_benson	american women writers
elliot_caplin	american births
mitchell_dawson	american of
dušan_šarotar	slovenian from
h.m.hoover	american women novelists
richard_rodriguez	american from
cecilia_hae-jin_lee	american of of
harry_rowohlt	german from
chris_marker	french male
paul_guimard	20th-century french novelists
pam_veasey	american television writers
abel_meeropol	american deaths
chigozie_obioma	nigerian nigerian
george_mogridge_:old_humphrey	english english
philip_womack	british births
gita_mehta	indian from
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
francis_leslie_ashton	20th-century women novelists
danny_casolaro	american from
mosse_jørgensen	norwegian births
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
herbert_achternbusch	german german
paul_wayne	canadian people
mark_ellis_:author	living people
norman_douglas	english of
nicholas_whittaker	living people
philip_pullman	english of
anakana_schofield	canadian women writers
rick_copp	american from
michael_a._burstein	american american short
ram_shankar_tripathi	indian writers
rita_mae_brown	american american
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
margret_kopala	canadian from
howard_chaykin	american from
charles_nelson_:writer	american of novelists
david_laskin	american from
richard_newman_:broadcaster	lgbt male
a.whitney_brown	american television
adam_elliot	australian births
anne_rundle	20th-century romantic fiction
mutlaq_hamid_al-otaibi	saudi arabian
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
h.m.hoover	american women novelists
mullapudi_venkata_ramana	indian writers
charles_bock	american from
nancy_werlin	american women novelists
gabriela_brimmer	mexican births
greg_garrett_:writer	american of
narayan_sitaram_phadke	indian deaths
ben_loory	american births
claude_mckay	people people
flora_kidd	20th-century women novelists
antal_stašek	19th-century of
dejan_medaković	serbian from
hamid_khan_:lawyer	pakistani births
chintha_ravi	indian male
richard_cobbold	english deaths
marjorie_harris	canadian from
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
darrell_figgis	19th-century deaths
barbara_mccauley	year of birth
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
homen_borgohain	indian from
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
catherine_yronwode	american from
chuck_austen	american of birth
michele_val_jean	american television writers
david_lapham	american comics
barbara_branden	canadian from
hailji	south births
ntone_edjabe	living births
carla_cassidy	american women novelists
max_apple	american male
alexis_lichine	people deaths
bibhuprasad_mohapatra	people writers
gerald_vizenor	american american
aleksey_chapygin	russian short
philippe_de_chérisey	people deaths
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
amanda_lohrey	20th-century women
cathi_bond	canadian women novelists
qazi_mahbub_hussain	year of is
dorothy_nolte	american women
ellenor_fenn	19th-century women writers
aaron_ehasz	american television writers
gary_myers_:writer	american american short
david_bergelson	russian writers
ezechiel_saad	people writers
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
craig_lancaster	american male
berta_golob	slovenian births
dennis_denisoff	canadian from
bimal_kar	bengali writers
achille_essebac	french male
herminio_portell_vilá	puerto deaths
françoise_parturier	french women writers
henri_lopès	people of the of of
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
mrs_f._c._patrick	20th-century women novelists
brian_trueman	british television
harland_miller	people births
mitchell_hurwitz	american television writers
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
neil_smith_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
claire_ridgway	british of
ben_schott	british of
carol_barbee	american television writers
hermann_hager	german births
achy_obejas	american american
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
cecil_e.rhode	american from
andrew_marchand	american marchand
dennis_spooner	english births
aranka_siegal	american women
howard_gordon	american television
robert_harling_:writer	american male
michael_seitzman	american births
christian_beranek	american from
phillip_margolin	american american
nayantara_sahgal	indian women
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
felix_gilman	english male
ailsa_piper	australian from
mary_agria	21st-century american novelists
märta_helena_reenstierna	swedish swedish
francisco_gonzález_ledesma	spanish women
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
michel_onfray	french french
philippe_delerm	21st-century french
odd_eidem	norwegian births
armand_lunel	french french
pete_morisi	american comics
betty_ren_wright	american women novelists
adam_gopnik	american from
dave_hood	american male
gwendoline_butler	20th-century women novelists
minfong_ho	living people
alisa_kwitney	american women novelists
mary_stolz	american women novelists
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
rob_lotterstein	american of writers
per_schwenzen	norwegian norwegian
monique_watteau	20th-century women writers
franco_lucentini	italian births
david_gurr	20th-century canadian novelists
abdul_muis	2nd-century births
gabrielle_lord	australian women
chris_chibnall	british births
mickey_z	american from
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
corvida_raven	american women
patricia_pearson	canadian people
nazir_ahmad_dehlvi	indian from
denis_johnson	american american
gustav_von_struensee	german male
guillermo_meneses	venezuelan births
penny_jordan	20th-century women novelists
milly_witkop	german births
henry_james	american male
hans_joachim_alpers	german births
miriam_roth	american people
neville_cardus	english of
frédéric_beigbeder	french french
olaus_magnus	16th-century deaths
paul_dini	american television writers
alan_woo	21st-century canadian novelists
richard_d._ryder	british of
brenda_chapman_:writer	21st-century women novelists
matthew_of_janow	italian births
dan_abnett	british of
abdul_qayum_:imam	british births
arkady_arkanov	people of
amiri_baraka	american from
rhim_ju-yeon	living births
mark_bowden	american from
allan_sherman	american from
olaus_magnus	16th-century deaths
michel_rio	french french
ernest_buckler	canadian from
deborah_robertson	australian short story
dorothy_fowler	20th-century women writers
richard_holloway	scottish of
maria_zhukova	russian russian
glaydah_namukasa	ugandan women
earl_shorris	american births
oscar_r._gómez	living writers
rachna_gilmore	canadian women
gordon_stewart_anderson	canadian from
claudio_sanchez	american births
greg_r.fishbone	american male
mons_lie_:writer	20th-century short
angela_heywood	american deaths
bozorg_alavi	iranian births
max_huwyler	living people
rajiv_rai	indian film
achy_obejas	american american
miho_mosulishvili	male births
neal_drinnan	australian short story
anne_rundle	20th-century romantic fiction
hans_werner_richter	german of
david_mcrobbie	australian from
heleen_mees	japanese births
narayan_ghosh_mita	bangladeshi of is
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
alexander_m.phillips	american american short
paula_pell	american television writers
daniel_lipman	american of birth
raif_badawi	saudi arabian
george_dicaprio	american births
hayes_davenport	american television
abu_rushd	bangladeshi of
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
pat_mcintosh	year of fiction
dorothy_carrington	people of
carol_mendelsohn	american television writers
benjamin_cheever	american american novelists
richard_glatzer	american from
charlotta_frölich	19th-century births
alasdair_gray	british of
holly_golightly_:comics	american comics
gotlib	french births
nuno_bernardo	american television
felix_c.gotschalk	american american novelists
edwin_s.grosvenor	american from
e.haldeman-julius	chilean deaths
evan_solomon	canadian people
ana_tena	spanish women writers
bochō_yamamura	japanese births
marianne_csaky	writers from
anup_singh_choudry	bangladeshi of
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
allen_adler	american from
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
hal_block	american from
pedro_lenz	living births
antonio_ros_de_olano	polish births
petro_marko	albanian short
nick_toczek	british of
arthur_weiss	american male
mark_fisher_:theorist	english people
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
dino_stamatopoulos	american television
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
gunilla_lundgren	swedish women
daryn_tufts	american from
angel_kyodo_williams	american women
gail_vaz-oxlade	canadian from
honora_sneyd	british women writers
danny_fingeroth	american comics
miriam_roth	american people
adel_al-hussain	american births
paulette_nardal	20th-century women writers
andrei_sinyavsky	soviet short
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
brian_ford_sullivan	american of birth
robert_kirkman	american male
donald_lowrie	american from
bernhard_hennen	german births
faranak_margolese	american people
mario_rodríguez_cobos	argentine births
g.k.chesterton	english male
peter_demant	russian male
richard_holloway	scottish of
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
rande_gail_brown	american of writers
ian_doescher	american american novelists
obert_skye	american of birth
colin_j.gillespie	australian from
anne_de_la_roche-guilhem	french women writers
gus_john	british of
richard_appignanesi	canadian canadian
donna_andrews_:author	american women novelists
michael_barnes_:canadian_author	canadian of
michael_s._chernuchin	american television
pavel_řezníček	argentine births
giorgio_amendola	italian male
igor_mandić	croatian novelists
conrad_aiken	american american
gunvor_hofmo	norwegian women writers
charles_logan_:author	british births
djuna_barnes	american american
panteleimon_kulish	ukrainian deaths
han_nolan	american from novelists
al_feldstein	american from
margaret_ryan	year of fiction
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
doreen_cronin	american of writers
dorothy_fowler	20th-century women writers
arvid_nelson	american of birth
fyodor_stepun	russian deaths
desmond_devlin	american male
martti_larni	finnish births
rashid_jahan	20th-century deaths
dino_stamatopoulos	american television
richard_levinson	american television
guido_gezelle	flemish from
h.rider_haggard	english male
frank_key	year of birth
naresh_mehta	indian writers
i.marlene_king	american television
greg_daniels	american television
pierre_morency	canadian from
david_leavitt	american american
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
rené_marqués	puerto rican
elio_vittorini	italian male
g.r.indugopan	indian from
rictor_norton	american from
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
robert_m.pirsig	american from
federico_campbell	mexican women
naresh_mehta	indian writers
barry_o'brien	american television
mark_schultz_:comics	american comics
elwyn_hartley_edwards	british births
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
mikiel_anton_vassalli	people deaths
dominique_fernandez	french french
marguerite_abouet	living children's
peter_nowalk	american from
eduard_limonov	russian male
colin_duriez	british writers
farah_mohamed_jama_awl	people from
david_auerbach	american of
darren_greer	canadian from
marnix_gijsen	flemish from
paul_genesse	american american
elsie_locke	new zealand
dayton_duncan	american male
pravrajika_vrajaprana	american women writers
carol_kalish	american from
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
panio_gianopoulos	american of
arjen_lubach	dutch births
eudora_welty	american american
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
dan_greenburg	american american novelists
giulio_cogni	italian male
benjamin_taylor_:author	american university
pamela_morsi	american women novelists
charly_chiarelli	canadian from
charlie_williams_:british_writer	english births
charity_waciuma	20th-century women
feodor_gladkov	russian male
gregory_austin_mcconnell	american male
robert_poulet	belgian births
r._c._lehmann	people of
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
michael_rowbotham	living people
melchior_lengyel	hungarian dramatists
musharraf_ali_farooqi	pakistani births
norm_augustinus	american of
bernie_west	american from
anton_rønneberg	norwegian norwegian
gegham_ter-karapetian	armenian deaths
david_goodis	american american novelists
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
pavel_řezníček	argentine births
evelyn_waugh	english of
philip_womack	british births
betim_muço	albanian albanian
helen_steiner_rice	american women
gabriela_brimmer	mexican births
nicholas_kollerstrom	british people
hannah_louise_shearer	american women novelists
albert_dorrington	20th-century births
richard_walton	american from
clive_barker	lgbt male
hart_hanson	american television writers
noy_holland	american from
rachapalem_chandrasekhara_reddy	living writers
elwyn_hartley_edwards	british births
annie_pietri	french births
martin_waddell	australian births
anita_nair	20th-century indian
dmitry_strelnikov	russian births
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
ameen_rihani	american american
r._chudamani	20th-century women
nicola_lagioia	italian italian
boleslav_markevich	russian male
gustaw_herling-grudziński	polish from
melissa_lucashenko	australian women
patrick_white	australian short
federico_hernández_de_león	guatemalan births
eric_rohmann	american from
mary_agria	21st-century american novelists
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
evan_katz	american television writers
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
charlotte_maria_tucker	19th-century women writers
ratnakar_matkari	indian film
david_ruprecht	american from
marv_goldberg	american people
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
camille_lemonnier	belgian deaths
benigna_marie_of_reuss-ebersdorf	portuguese births
minfong_ho	living people
bernard_kangro	estonian deaths
alexander_mazin	russian births
charles_fox_:jazz_critic	english births
omar_kureishi	pakistani of
fredrik_skagen	norwegian women writers
noël_godin	belgian births
alan_woo	21st-century canadian novelists
meir_shalev	israeli births
reginald_hill	english of
n._s._madhavan	indian male
niko_nikoladze	ecuadorian novelists
boleslav_markevich	russian male
david_bergman_:american_writer	american male
neel_mukherjee_:writer	indian of
robert_olen_butler	american american
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
parnell_hall_:writer	american american novelists
maría_dueñas	spanish women
mildred_noble	american women
cedar_sigo	american american
colin_dexter	english of
michitsuna_no_haha	10th-century births
rick_cleveland	american television writers
baldev_mishra	telugu writers
alexander_stein	russian male
elsa_bernstein	20th-century concentration
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
peter_nowalk	american from
caroline_healey_dall	american american
george_harmon_coxe	american american novelists
anton_funtek	slovenian from
dibyendu_palit	indian of
edith_pattou	american women novelists
robert_gottlieb	american from
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
evelyn_e.smith	20th-century women novelists
colin_dexter	english of
octavio_paz	mexican women
antanas_škėma	lithuanian novelists
mat_johnson	american from
fiona_mcintosh_:fencer	scottish of
chris_langham	english male
patricia_maclachlan	american from novelists
niloufar_talebi	american of
audrey_howard	20th-century women novelists
christine_beatty_:activist	american from
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
francine_du_plessix_gray	american american
montgomery_pittman	american from
pedro_balmaceda	ecuadorian deaths
eva_norvind	norwegian women
ali_smith	20th-century of
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
ernest_hillen	canadian canadian
miklós_haraszti	slovenian births
anne_sayre	american women
rashaan_nall	american male
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
ian_la_frenais	english educated at
christie_harris	canadian from
diana_ossana	american television
muhammad_husain_azad	indian from
paz_márquez-benítez	people deaths
nikolaos_kontopoulos	people deaths
robert_costa_:journalist	american of
g.f.zaimis	american women
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
ihsan_abdel_quddous	burmese births
fran_roš	slovenian from
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
corlia_fourie	south births
ostap_vyshnya	russian writers
mary_peters_:hymn_writer	people births
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
h.g.carrillo	american american
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
megan_ganz	american of birth missing
hermann_kasack	german german
andrew_klavan	american american
gerald_tomlinson	american from
duncan_weller	canadian canadian novelists
penelope_hobhouse	english of
anna_piaggi	italian women
mosse_jørgensen	norwegian births
oscar_r._gómez	living writers
raimund_hermann_siegfried_moltke	german deaths
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
neil_druckmann	american comics
attia_hosain	indian from
erica_basnicki	canadian from
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
margo_glantz	mexican women
nguyen_quang_lap	turkish births
a.k.chettiar	indian births
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
arthur_bernède	20th-century french
gabriel_brizard	year births
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
nick_bertozzi	american comics
greg_critser	american of birth
gish_jen	american short short
alison_weir	british of
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
alice_sebold	21st-century women
gnani_sankaran	indian writers
anton_ingolič	slovenian from
rebecca_walker	american women
gertrude_bell	english of
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
carl_fredrik_engelstad	dutch births
chandler_owen	american deaths
nikolai_naumov	russian male
otto_manninen	people births
avdo_karabegović	bosnia and
al_feldstein	american from
nagavarma_i	indian from
hermann_goedsche	19th-century deaths
michele_val_jean	american television writers
avram_davidson	american american novelists
poola_tirupati_raju	indian from
philip_shelby	american people
richard_hooker_:author	american from
robert_t.jeschonek	american american short
coral_lansbury	australian from
eli_clare	american from
robert_kirkman	american male
dan_wickline	american from
henry_clay_lewis	american from
harsha_singamsetty	american deaths
david_d.levine	american science short
cleve_cartmill	american american novelists
eugene_jolas	american american
minna_canth	19th-century women
alex_sheshunoff	american of
evgenia_tur	russian short
paul_levinson	american american
arthur_bárdos	hungarian male
charles_gordon_:journalist	canadian canadian
guillaume_bigot	french births
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
bimal_kar	bengali writers
david_m.alexander	american american novelists
eduardo_gonzález_viaña	male novelists
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
chittaranjan_nepali	bangladeshi of is
nik_welter	people births
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
paul_magrs	english science
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
michel_lawrence	living people
alain_robbe-grillet	french french
paul_guimard	20th-century french novelists
paul_cornell	english women
ante_tomić_:writer	croatian novelists
achy_obejas	american american
charlotte_delbo	20th-century women
elaine_sciolino	american of
brian_fawcett	canadian canadian
adam_elliot	australian births
michael_ruppert	american from
daisy_gardner	american television writers
nicola_lagioia	italian italian
mary_downing_hahn	21st-century women novelists
darrell_figgis	19th-century deaths
herbert_marshall_:writer	british births
remo_forlani	french male
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
carl_amery	german male
norman_grubb	english births
miho_mosulishvili	male births
mervyn_wall	irish irish
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
elie_wiesel	american american
aaron_becker	american from
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
narayan_singh_bhati	indian writers
richard_mabey	english of
paul_levinson	american american
arthur_frommer	american from
elizabeth_j.braswell	american of birth
nathan_shaham	israeli novelists
dan_swimer	british of birth
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
matt_granfield	australian births
azar_nafisi	saudi arabian
colin_wilson	english english
gerbrand_bakker_:novelist	dutch dutch
akram_aylisli	azerbaijani azerbaijani
eduard_uspensky	russian male
preah_botumthera_som	cambodian deaths
mircea_damian	romanian romanian
dharmendar_kanwar	indian births
robert_laxalt	american american novelists
phyllis_chesler	american from
alden_r.hatch	american from
paul_levinson	american american
basil_copper	english births
anthony_bailey_:author	british of
pramod_raman	indian women short
marjorie_morgan	20th-century women writers
frances_paige	21st-century women novelists
giddens_ko	people deaths
david_malouf	australian short
donna_andrews_:author	american women novelists
holley_rubinsky	canadian women novelists
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
bernard_gordon_:writer	american from
eugene_jolas	american american
d.c.kizhakemuri	indian from
nikolay_breshko-breshkovsky	russian russian
mushtaq_ahmad_yusufi	pakistani of
h.l.gold	american american short
michael_erard	year of birth
michael_s._moore	american american novelists
dimitrije_kantakuzin	15th-century of
marguerite_young	20th-century women
alter_kacyzne	20th-century novelists
filippo_buonaccorsi	italian male
charles_moseley_:writer	people of
pauline_johnson	canadian women
george_dohrmann	american from
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
nicolas_chamfort	19th-century french
dmitry_bykov	russian writers
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
michael_j.weithorn	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
donald_goines	american from
emilio_carrere	spanish male
paul_brodeur	american male
alfredo_seiferheld	male births
claude_phillips	english of
edward_mccourt	canadian from
matt_nix	american television writers
paul_goma	romanian essayists
abdulrazak_eid	people writers
maud_newton	american women
helen_hooven_santmyer	american american
desmond_fennell	21st-century from
pat_condell	english educated
daniel-rops	french french
collin_wilcox_:writer	american american novelists
david_ruprecht	american from
meredith_sue_willis	american women novelists
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
charles_fort	american american
dmitri_prigov	russian male
diane_ruggiero	american television writers
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
helena_khan	bangladeshi of is
andrievs_niedra	latvian births
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
nicholas_sparks	american american
arthur_golden	american from
edmond_fleg	french french
bob_hamm	american american
richard_reeves_:british_author	british people
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
david_e.kelley	american television
mikhail_dostoyevsky	russian russian
harjeet_atwal	indian indian
filip_de_pillecyn	flemish deaths
mikhail_stasyulevich	russian deaths
heinrich_gottfried_von_bretschneider	german deaths
niel_bushnell	english births
dorothy_p.lathrop	american from
mohammed_naseehu_ali	american from
constance_heaven	20th-century romantic novelists
hubert_main	people deaths
charles_gordon_:journalist	canadian canadian
bonnie_mark	american television birth
georgi_karaslavov	people deaths
pier_alessandro_paravia	italian births
chris_gifford_:actor	american television
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
farley_mowat	canadian from
nikolai_garin-mikhailovsky	russian russian
mohammad_karamudini	iranian people
alicia_tindal_palmer	19th-century women writers
boris_savinkov	russian writers
consuelo_de_saint_exupéry	french french writers
ali_imam	bangladeshi of
nikolai_leykin	russian male
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
gayl_jones	20th-century women
bill_corbett	american male
michael_sampson	american from
otar_chiladze	20th-century novelists
rebecca_abe	german women writers
pedro_juan_soto	american deaths
mağjan_jumabayev	people deaths
doug_naylor	english of
barry_took	english educated
george_egerton	irish women
pierre_daninos	20th-century french
robert_p.t.coffin	american american
edith_thacher_hurd	american women writers
i.marlene_king	american television
abdullah_abdul_kadir	malaysian writers
mirosław_nahacz	polish male
brian_leyden	irish irish
carla_kelly	american of writers
michael_barnes_:canadian_author	canadian of
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
celeste_ng	american from of
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
douglas_e.winter	american births
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
michael_punke	american people
elizabeth_stuckey-french	american from
mato_lovrak	20th-century novelists
ray_hedges	year of birth
alain_dorémieux	french french
pavel_prudnikau	people from
charlotta_frölich	19th-century births
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
igor_mandić	croatian novelists
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
norihiro_yagi	living people
anne_marie_winston	american women novelists
a.k.chettiar	indian births
hans_jæger	norwegian deaths
debra_evans	american from
nik_welter	people births
mary_downing_hahn	21st-century women novelists
georges_polti	french deaths
nanae_aoyama	japanese births
emma_romeu	australian of
coelho_neto	brazilian deaths
frank_bergon	american from
andrei_strâmbeanu	moldovan writers
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
maría_argelia_vizcaíno	living women
angus_donald	21st-century of novelists
nikolay_breshko-breshkovsky	russian russian
n._khelchandra_singh	indian from
meindert_dejong	american american
ernest_holmes	american from
helene_christaller	german deaths
howard_w.bergerson	american from
mirko_javornik	slovenian from
evelyn_waugh	english of
martin_segon	serbian of
darrell_figgis	19th-century deaths
mohammadreza_bayrami	iranian births
michèle_mailhot	canadian canadian novelists
otto_tausig	austrian male
george_wilbur_peck	american from
henrik_pontoppidan	ecuadorian deaths
marion_hargrove	american from
charles_watts_:secularist	english births
fabien_vehlmann	french births
martin_lings	english of
david_carr_:journalist	american from
clementina_suárez	20th-century women
champat_rai_jain	people births
damon_lindelof	american television
aileen_paterson	scottish of
peter_demant	russian male
hart_hanson	american television writers
adam_kazimierz_czartoryski	recipients of the
gotlib	french births
raghunath_choudhary	asom from
hedda_zinner	german of
dattaram_maruti_mirasdar	indian writers
herbert_meier	people of
ester_wier	american women
georg_heym	german german
patrick_meighan_:writer	american television writers
mary_elizabeth_hawker	19th-century women
donald_james	british of
ian_mclachlan_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
catherine_mary_macsorley	irish women
matt_de_la_peña	american of novelists
ferdo_godina	slovenian births
nayantara_sahgal	indian women
alda_merini	italian women writers
bill_lee_:author	american from
greggory_nations	american television writers
edith_bruck	20th-century women
andrzej_maksymilian_fredro	people deaths
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
dmitry_gorchakov	russian male
patrick_white	australian short
festus_iyayi	nigerian births
andrés_henestrosa	mexican births
cecil_e.rhode	american from
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
gadul_singh_lama	indian male
christopher_hurn	american of birth
pamela_brooks	21st-century women novelists
marie_joseph	20th-century romantic novelists
gene_hong	american television writers
aurania_rouverol	american women
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
etta_federn	mexican women
hermann_kasack	german german
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
henry_miller	american from
allan_sherman	american from
francisco_gonzález_ledesma	spanish women
adolfo_bioy_casares	argentine births
ben_moor_:writer	english male
betty_o'rourke	20th-century deaths novelists
bill_sherk	year of birth
ernest_thompson	american from
gwyn_thomas_:novelist	20th-century short
paul_mccusker	american from
dave_stone	english births
margery_latimer	american american novelists
christopher_matthew	people educated
nellikkal_muraleedharan	indian from
minna_antrim	people deaths
don_mcgregor	american comics
nam_cao	turkish births
diana_e.h.russell	south african
hemchandra_barua	asom from
hitonari_tsuji	japanese births
patrick_jennings_:writer	american american novelists
allan_sherman	american from
april_blair	american television writers
mark_rowlands	british writers
hugh_howey	american american novelists
nabin_chandra_bardoloi	indian from
george_chigas	american american
bjørnstjerne_bjørnson	norwegian norwegian
ritchie_perry	21st-century women novelists
p-p_hartnett	21st-century short
gregory_keyes	american american novelists
carlos_labbé	chilean births
rikard_spets	norwegian people
pinki_virani	indian from
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
andrievs_niedra	latvian births
gideon_defoe	british births novelists
curt_gentry	american from
nikolay_breshko-breshkovsky	russian russian
radu_pavel_gheo	romanian short
polyclès_langlois	19th-century deaths
edward_sims_van_zile	american from
marc_prensky	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
risto_ahti	mexican writers
michel_kilo	syrian of
grenville_clark	american births
chris_downey	american television writers
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
omar_pound	20th-century from
prabda_yoon	living people
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
don_dickinson	canadian canadian novelists
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
blanche_mcmanus	american american writers
helen_weinzweig	canadian canadian novelists
agnes_nixon	american television
bijan_najdi	iranian short
michael_herr	american from
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
dakshinaranjan_mitra_majumder	bengali writers
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
diego_de_torres_villarroel	spanish births
avasarala_ramakrishna_rao	indian indian
david_morris_:author	american of
margot_arce_de_vázquez	puerto rican
david_kalstone	american from
melissa_salmons	american television writers
berdy_kerbabayev	people deaths
premchand	indian from
ian_casocot	people births
gail_z.martin	american women novelists
rob_ledonne	living people
norbert_blei	american american novelists
andrea_ashworth	english women
adolphe_joanne	french deaths
a.m.dellamonica	21st-century canadian short
marija_vojskovič	20th-century women
michael_scarce	american of
amber_dawn	21st-century women
petar_kočić	bosnia and herzegovina
dudu_aharon	israeli people
helena_araújo	21st-century short
bert_sugar	american of writers
christopher_moore_:author	american american novelists
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
peter_gibson_:writer	american male
ann_chamberlin	21st-century women novelists
richard_steele	19th-century of
hans_jæger	norwegian deaths
philippe-joseph_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
gustavo_álvarez_gardeazábal	chilean births
hamlet_bareh	indian from
bhisham_sahni	indian from
abdullah_tahiri	people deaths
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
halldór_laxness	people deaths
matilda_hays	19th-century women
david_a.goodman	american television writers
olen_steinhauer	american american novelists
emanuela_da_ros	italian women writers
antoine-joseph_pernety	french deaths
constance_lindsay_skinner	canadian from
helen_conrad	american women novelists
franz_kafka	austrian births
atrpet	armenian armenian
maurice_rosy	belgian births
c.j.stevens	american american
henning_haslund-christensen	people deaths
erin_levy	american television birth
gore_vidal	american from
hans-otto_meissner	german deaths
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
mark_hentemann	american television writers
aravind_enrique_adyanthaya	american births
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
harriet_elizabeth_prescott_spofford	american american
erik_oleson	american television writers
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
richard_titlebaum	american american
hal_higdon	american from
paul_levinson	american american
michael_jacobs	american television
mitchell_hurwitz	american television writers
charles_g.booth	american from
david_mason_:writer	american american
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
frank_asch	american from
daniel_krige	australian television
bernard_noël	french french novelists
milan_kundera	20th-century births
patti_kim_:writer	american women
frank_o'hara	american from
a.sheriff	indian births
ping_lu	21st-century women
darchhawna	indian from
ada_cambridge	australian women
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
michael_j._sullivan_:author	american american novelists
andrew_j.mckiernan	australian australian
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
meto_jovanovski_:writer	living writers
andrew_clements	american from
michael_harris_:editor	canadian canadian
margarita_bobba	italian women death
helen_m.roberts	american from
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
arun_joshi	indian writers
georges_lagrange	french french
murray_boltinoff	american comics
barbara_mccauley	year of birth
henry_avray_tipping	english deaths
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
alberto_bevilacqua	italian italian
maría_cadilla	puerto rican
ann_grocott	australian women
randolph_stow	australian australian
oskar_luts	20th-century novelists
chris_langham	english male
fern_shumate	american deaths
paul_kivel	american of writers
colleen_gleason	american women novelists
h.g.carrillo	american american
edgar_valter	people deaths
philip_pullman	english of
byron_preiss	american from
edward_mccourt	canadian from
paul_rohrbach	german births
david_turashvili	croatian births
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
annie_lee_rees	new zealand
philip_o'connor	british deaths
nisi_shawl	american american novelists
h.m.hoover	american women novelists
hryhorii_epik	ukrainian of
ernest_kinoy	american from
melinda_tankard_reist	australian people
rhoda_shipman	american comics
francisco_bermúdez_de_pedraza	spanish births
germain-françois_poullain_de_saint-foix	french deaths
mika_waltari	finnish births
gorur_ramaswamy_iyengar	indian writers
enrico_borla	italian births
anthony_armstrong_:writer	20th-century male
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
ameen_rihani	american american
miklós_vámos	hungarian from
camilo_venegas	cameroonian births
peter_pinne	australian births
mark_l._van_name	american american short
dimbeswar_neog	asom from
rajesh_vankar	indian writers
epeli_hauʻofa	australian of
george_mogridge_:old_humphrey	english english
henrik_pontoppidan	ecuadorian deaths
gillian_horvath	american television writers
filip_de_pillecyn	flemish deaths
robert_bausch	21st-century american novelists
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
farah_naqvi	bangladeshi people
gary_north_:journalist	american of
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
david_weir_:writer	british births
rae_earl	english women
margaret_larkin	american american
eyvind_johnson	swedish from
david_garnett	20th-century short
monika_zgustová	living women
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
dorothy_sterling	american women
festus_iyayi	nigerian births
howard_white_:writer	canadian from
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
rafael_pérez_y_pérez	spanish spanish
gerhard_polt	german male
mark_danner	american from
paul_leyssac	people births
petar_kočić	bosnia and herzegovina
eric_van_lustbader	american american novelists
ameen_rihani	american american
brockton_mckinney	american american short
franz_kafka	austrian births
maurits_hansen	people births
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
nik_welter	people births
corvida_raven	american women
brian_cleeve	irish from
frederick_buechner	american from
deasún_breathnach	people births
erica_james	20th-century women novelists
arnold_zweig	german of
benjamin_zephaniah	english births
may_byron	english women
henri_nathansen	male male
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
philip_rosenthal	american television writers
benedict_kiely	irish irish
michiko_nagai	japanese japanese writers
blanche_d'alpuget	20th-century women
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
david_goldschmid	american television writers
alan_mak_:director	hong kong
robert_of_cricklade	english births
brian_cleeve	irish from
rian_johnson	american television
elisa_hall_de_asturias	20th-century women
ellie_herman	american television writers
mike_shepherd_:author	american american novelists
anton_schnack	german german
brian_payton	american american novelists
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
patricia_ryan_:author	american women novelists
henry_joseph_monck_mason	people births
grace_mann_brown	american deaths
phyllis_a._whitney	american women
mazarine_pingeot	french french
nikolay_nosov	soviet male
david_milch	american from
emanuele_nutile	italian male
dan_mcdaid	british births
bakdi_soemanto	indonesian writers
robert_bernstein_:comics	american comics
catherine_yronwode	american from
dmitry_strelnikov	russian births
marjorie_gross	canadian from
evelyne_lallemand	french women writers
narayan_hemchandra	asom from
barbara_anderson_:writer	20th-century zealand zealand
george_woodcock	canadian from
ralph_andrews_barry	american from
nathan_burgoine	canadian canadian novelists
diana_morgan_:novelist	american of novelists
marcia_crosby	marc births is a a writer writer and
olivier_weber	french french
christopher_priest_:comics	american comics
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
phạm_duy_khiêm	german writers
esther_averill	american women
peter_bichsel	living births
patrick_aleph	american from
mushtaq_ahmad_yusufi	pakistani of
frank_manley	american american
alexander_knox_:theologian	people births
anakana_schofield	canadian women writers
claudia_casper	21st-century women short
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
hyun_kil-un	south births
eliza_clark_:author	canadian women writers
mary_renault	20th-century from
max_blecher	romanian novelists
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
g.s.amur	indian from
dewi_lestari	indonesian births
darrell_schweitzer	american american short
angel_kyodo_williams	american women
andrew_berardini	american from
andrey_dikiy	russian russian
christopher_rowley	american american novelists
derek_kirk_kim	american from
christine_boylan	american television writers
charles_dryden	american from
abelardo_castillo	argentine argentine
henriette_mantel	american from
andré_aciman	american american
marion_st_john_webb	english women
pedro_garcía_cabrera	spanish male
neil_macfarquhar	american of
nicolas_falacci	american television writers
david_pogue	american from
raphael_shore	canadian births
anatoly_kuznetsov	russian writers
helie_lee	american of of
daedalus_howell	american from
aravind_enrique_adyanthaya	american births
robert_l.fish	american american novelists
rob_worley	american from
betty_ren_wright	american women novelists
helen_zimmern	english births
bipin_chandran	indian male
marieke_hardy	australian births
nam_cao	turkish births
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
matthew_mather	canadian from
eric_forsberg	american male
elias_abu_shabaki	dutch deaths
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
antonio_pennacchi	italian italian
bill_coffin	american from
paul_di_filippo	american american short
henry_clark_barlow	english male
gita_mehta	indian from
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
ethan_gilsdorf	american from
constantin_stamati-ciurea	people from
margaret_mayo_:novelist	english women novelists
françois-thomas-marie_de_baculard_d'arnaud	french french
peter_stone	american from
brian_c.anderson	american of birth missing
daisy_hernández	american women
mary_somerville	19th-century women
petru_bogatu	moldovan writers
nigar_rafibeyli	azerbaijani novelists
claude_bessy_:writer	french male
mary_lavin	irish women
chuck_philips	american from
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
friedrich_huch	german deaths
petar_kočić	bosnia and herzegovina
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
alissa_quart	21st-century women
ayako_ikeda	american births
mia_couto	20th-century short
maureen_howard	american american
robert_mccrum	english of
eva_emery_dye	american american
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
michael_yon	american from
bengt_frithiofsson	australian births
michael_gilbert	british of
alfred_mann_:musicologist	american births
cristina_ali_farah	italian births
pavao_pavličić	croatian novelists
i.k.k.menon	indian indian
robert_costa_:journalist	american of
milly_witkop	german births
geeta_dharmarajan	indian women
bhabani_bhattacharya	indian of
morten_korch	male short
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
arnold_zweig	german of
martin_lings	english of
andrej_blatnik	slovenian from
george_khoury_:author	american male writers
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
donald_james	british of
emili_teixidor	spanish male
emma_jane_hogbin	canadian from
frances_stead_sellers	american of
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
matt_reeves	american television
amiri_baraka	american from
rashad_haughton	american births
dun_karm_psaila	people deaths
alexander_prokhanov	russian writers
fiona_mcintosh_:fencer	scottish of
catherynne_m.valente	21st-century american novelists
alasdair_gray	british of
christine_craig	21st-century short
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
andrej_blatnik	slovenian from
g.a.kulkarni	indian from
alison_bauld	irish deaths
gwynne_williams	year of birth missing
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
danny_baker	english educated
attia_hosain	indian from
dasaradhi_rangacharya	indian from
david_malouf	australian short
cintra_wilson	american women
ravella_venkatarama_rao	indian deaths
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
benoît_mouchart	french births
francis_webb_:writer	english english
alejandro_agostinelli	argentine births
michel_onfray	french french
francis_leslie_ashton	20th-century women novelists
clement_clarke_moore	american from
abdulah_sidran	bosnia and
maria_lima	american women novelists
ilo_mitkë_qafëzezi	albanian albanian
mat_johnson	american from
asif_farrukhi	pakistani of
martin_boyd	australian short
david_a.goodman	american television writers
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
feodor_gladkov	russian male
gunning_s.bedford	american deaths
andrew_j.lewis	year of birth missing
carol_kalish	american from
philip_blommaert	people births
george_w.dick	american male
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
carol_kolb	american television birth
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
alastair_mcintosh	scottish of
curtis_roosevelt	american from
elizabeth_harrison_:writer	english births novelists
benjamin_demott	american from
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
dahvi_waller	canadian from writers
bozorg_alavi	iranian births
adam_niswander	american american short
märta_helena_reenstierna	swedish swedish
alma_katsu	21st-century women novelists
danielle_pafunda	american of birth
neal_drinnan	australian short story
ian_mchugh	australian of writers
charles_bock	american from
paul_kirchner	american from
helen_frost	american women writers
mikhail_zagoskin	russian male
mirza_adeeb	pakistani from
d.g.chichester	american comics
margaret_wise_brown	american women
max_gladstone	american american novelists
dan_gillmor	american of
gustav_wied	male male
meša_selimović	serbian from
eileen_myers	american television writers
prabda_yoon	living people
alexander_stepanovich_yakovlev	russian male
panchapakesa_jayaraman	indian of
mansour_eid	mansour chudamani is a a writer writer and
aurora_levins_morales	american american
gayl_jones	20th-century women
dwivedula_visalakshi	indian writers
nagendra_vijay	living writers
philippe_langlois	people births
mary_noailles_murfree	american women writers
anna_holmes	american of
ricardo_barreiro	argentine male
alice_macgowan	american american novelists
allie_esiri	english births
heather_graham_pozzessere	american women novelists
allan_sherman	american from
herbort_of_fritzlar	german deaths
donald_hinds	alumni of
david_goodis	american american novelists
henry_avray_tipping	english deaths
nikolai_virta	russian male
richard_bartle	british people
henri_thomas	french french novelists
anne_bishop	american women novelists
dimbeswar_neog	asom from
brandon_friedman	american from
friedrich_de_la_motte_fouqué	german births
demetria_daniels	american women writers
berdy_kerbabayev	people deaths
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
donald_gallinger	american american short
harvey_pekar	american from
gerald_brenan	british of
christopher_k.travis	american of birth
george_wilbur_peck	american from
robert_maxwell_:writer	scottish births
abdullah_tahiri	people deaths
premchand	indian from
francine_prose	american american novelists
edgar_brau	argentine short
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
marion_bloem	21st-century women
francisco_de_moraes	year births
mark_fisher_:theorist	english people
christabel_bielenberg	people deaths
pierre_jean_launay	french births
elisa_brune	belgian births
christopher_mckitterick	american american short
adam_gopnik	american from
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
constance_heaven	20th-century romantic novelists
maryam_sachs	iranian people
belo_cipriani	american american
minna_canth	19th-century women
martha_stephens	american film
maxim_kalashnikov	russian births
qiu_jin	people births
elizabeth_walter	20th-century of fiction
bas_kast	german male
paul_rohrbach	german births
giorgio_a.tsoukalos	american births
nancy_garden	21st-century women writers
melinda_tankard_reist	australian people
boleslav_markevich	russian male
genevieve_clay	australian births
george_william_russell	irish deaths
maurice_halperin	american from
hwang_jung-eun	south births
bret_hart	canadian from
robert_bloch	american american novelists
meagan_mckinney	21st-century women novelists
harriott_horry_ravenel	american women
g.a.kulkarni	indian from
colin_beavan	american births
michael_pryor	australian people
anica_savić_rebac	serbian deaths
charles_nelson_:writer	american of novelists
carlos_noriega_hope	mexican births
freya_north	21st-century women novelists
ghassan_kanafani	20th-century novelists
chitra_fernando	sri lankan
aileen_paterson	scottish of
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
eldridge_cleaver	american from
michael_lind	american from
clive_barker	lgbt male
h.ogden_wintermute	american from
hu_lancheng	people deaths
evan_katz	american television writers
barbara_hemphill	irish women
fahmida_riaz	pakistani of
bill_tomicki	american of birth
paul_wayne	canadian people
raffaele_la_capria	italian italian
glenn_kurtz	american male
christopher_nicole	20th-century women novelists
nigel_slater	english births
david_a.moss	american from
dragomir_brajković	serbian from
anna_wheeler_:author	irish women
maurice_halperin	american from
albert_monteys	people births
ghassan_kanafani	20th-century novelists
henri_lopès	people of the of of
michael_hanlon	people of
angela_bianchini	italian women
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
graham_hancock	british writers
nancy_werlin	american women novelists
clayton_rawson	american american novelists
flavio_alves	american from
candice_millard	american of
gertrude_bell	english of
françois_rabelais	french male
heinz_politzer	american jews
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
barbara_grier	american women
nat_benchley	american male
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
dan_vyleta	canadian from
george_william_johnson_:writer	english deaths
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
michael_moorcock	english science
amy_braunschweiger	american of birth
clay_shirky	american people
doug_worgul	american of
giannina_braschi	american women
arthur_bradford	american american
rachapalem_chandrasekhara_reddy	living writers
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
anita_pratap	indian women writers
hermann_broch	austrian deaths
carol_bishop-gwyn	canadian women
opal_tometi	american of writers
h.scott_hughes	american from
melinda_m._snodgrass	20th-century american novelists
helen_walsh	english male
p-p_hartnett	21st-century short
betty_friedan	american american
dominick_dunne	american from
brian_azzarello	american comics
david_milofsky	american american short
bernard_noël	french french novelists
g.k.govinda_rao	indian of
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
doug_cooper_:author	american from
imtiyaz_husain	indian film birth
rabina_khan	british of
panas_myrny	ukrainian male
ganjali_sabahi	turkish births
charles_lamb	english births
pat_condell	english educated
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
brian_cleeve	irish from
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
fremont_rider	american from
caro_ramsay	year of birth
ponsonby_ogle	english deaths
alexander_stepanovich_yakovlev	russian male
mary_maclane	canadian women
erin_markey	american women
prabhakar_pendharkar	people births
mel_tolkin	american male
miriam_toews	canadian from
richard_bruce_nugent	american from
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
bruce_jones_:comics	american male short
d.c.fontana	american from
constantin_stamati-ciurea	people from
mark_fisher_:theorist	english people
brent_fletcher	american television writers
dean_lorey	american television
georges_ista	belgian deaths
eugene_jolas	american american
edith_thacher_hurd	american women writers
greye_la_spina	american american short
ahmad_bashir	pakistani from
niko_pucić	serbian deaths
oliver_la_farge	american american
robert_borden_:tv_producer	american television
randy_powell	american american novelists
frédéric_marcelin	croatian novelists
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
peter_o'donnell	english from
pedro_juan_soto	american deaths
amrita_pritam	indian from
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
cara_hoffman	21st-century women novelists
penelope_hobhouse	english of
ille_toktash	chuvash deaths
alessandro_ghebreigziabiher	italian male
conrado_nalé_roxlo	argentine male
george_calderon	english of
claude_roger-marx	french french
paul_goma	romanian essayists
dr.seuss	american from
david_sweetman	20th-century from
milan_kundera	20th-century births
dmitri_prigov	russian male
norman_douglas	english of
aaron_becker	american from
alberto_barrera_tyszka	croatian novelists
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
alan_dean_foster	american american novelists
patric_verrone	american from
renee_roszel	21st-century women novelists
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
margaret_hodges	american from
margret_rey	german births
andrés_useche	american births
emily_newell_blair	american from
anne_rundle	20th-century romantic fiction
adriano_gonzález_león	20th-century novelists
benjamin_zephaniah	english births
beatrice_burton	20th-century women novelists
carla_lane	english from
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
peter_cunningham_:writer	english deaths
cynthia_kadohata	american women writers
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
andy_borowitz	american from
gertrude_bell	english of
andré_castelot	french male
fathia_absie	american film
margaret_roper	english women
mohammad-reza_shafiei_kadkani	iranian from
constance_heaven	20th-century romantic novelists
betty_roland	australian women
nan_ryan	21st-century women novelists
robert_spencer_carr	american american short
alfred_masson-forestier	french french
adam_hamdy	english births
hubert_harrison	american of
dennis_kelly	english male
pai_hsien-yung	people people
pedro_sotillo	venezuelan deaths
pat_proft	american television
peter_rollins	living from
bernhard_hennen	german births
myron_sharaf	american of
glenn_ficarra	american of birth
charlie_rubin	american television writers
fredrik_skagen	norwegian women writers
hilary_bell_:writer	australian births
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
charles_mudede	american from
richard_holloway	scottish of
douglas_kent_hall	american from
annette_lapointe	canadian women
christopher_oscanyan	american deaths
melissa_lucashenko	australian women
dave_morice	american male
rené_lapierre	canadian canadian novelists
richard_d._ryder	british of
guadalupe_nettel	21st-century women
nick_bakay	american male
radomir_konstantinović	20th-century from
gerard_mckeown	australian births
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
elizabeth_thornton	20th-century women novelists
emma_jane_hogbin	canadian from
bhabani_bhattacharya	indian of
andrew_kaufman	canadian of birth
pierre_ouellet	canadian canadian novelists
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
frank_c.matthews	american from
maximilian_böttcher	german deaths
mildred_barya	ugandan women
chandra_free	american comics
andrei_lupan	moldovan writers
palizzolo_gravina	italian births
henry_winterfeld	american births
dominick_dunne	american from
prabda_yoon	living people
avadhanam_sita_raman	indian from
iason_athanasiadis	american university
fulvio_tomizza	italian italian
marjorie_lewty	british women novelists
adolf_brand	german deaths
cheon_sang-byeong	people deaths
nancy_kress	american american novelists
meredith_sue_willis	american women novelists
claire_fox	people of
max_apple	american male
edward_sims_van_zile	american from
claude_aveline	french french
eric_kripke	american television
michael_t._scott	american male
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
blanche_d'alpuget	20th-century women
curt_gentry	american from
gideon_joubert	south african
ali_bey_huseynzade	azerbaijani deaths
gerald_vizenor	american american
matthew_kennedy_:author	american births
barbara_mccauley	year of birth
alan_cheuse	american american short
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
michael_james_nelson	living people
charlie_angus	canadian from
mia_couto	20th-century short
richard_atkyns	english births
gustav_wied	male male
robert_hettinga	living births
philip_k._dick	american american
edward_ormondroyd	american of novelists
angus_donald	21st-century of novelists
giorgio_a.tsoukalos	american births
dmitri_savitski	russian writers
amrit_rai	indian from
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
bob_budiansky	american comics
mirza_adeeb	pakistani from
alfred_masson-forestier	french french
rashid_jahan	20th-century deaths
alec_berg	american of writers
miruna_runcan	romanian births
maurice_blanchot	french male
milan_milićević	serbian deaths
charlotte_dean	american from writers
henri_nathansen	male male
al_feldstein	american from
deepu_pradeep	british births is
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
riad_ismat	syrian of
alan_booth	english births
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
miha_mazzini	slovenian from
paul_jessup_:writer	american american novelists
milovan_vitezović	serbian of
mihkel_raud	living births
mercer_mayer	american from
richard_johnson_:16th_century	people women writers
martin_hyun	living births
maxime_du_camp	french french
humberto_costantini	argentine women
ali_el-maak	20th-century deaths
elizabeth_buchan	20th-century women novelists
elspeth_cameron	canadian from
carolyn_hax	american from
c.j.stevens	american american
chandradhar_barua	20th-century from
gordon_russell_:writer	american television
nancy_cato	20th-century women
anne_sayre	american women
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
gary_russell	english male
ashwin_sanghi	indian women
piers_brendon	british of
claude_jeancolas	french births
anita_pratap	indian women writers
catherine_deveny	australian from
david_paul_kuhn	american from
armand_lunel	french french
hiroshi_mori_:writer	japanese japanese
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
dennis_spooner	english births
marie_hall_ets	american of
nicolas_falacci	american television writers
daniel-rops	french french
funahashi_seiichi	japanese births
c.h.sisson	english of
mehrab_ghasem_khani	living people
emily_nasrallah	20th-century women
richard_cobbold	english deaths
günther_krupkat	german male
gloria_lisé	argentine argentine
reşat_ekrem_koçu	turkish deaths
michael_j._arlen	american from
mark_danner	american from
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
diane_ruggiero	american television writers
dick_debartolo	people of
david_f.case	american american novelists
robert_hettinga	living births
alan_cheuse	american american short
a.n.krishna_rao	telugu writers
aurora_levins_morales	american american
ashot_beglarian	armenian deaths
elizabeth_strong_worthington	american women
mike_w._barr	american comics
penelope_hobhouse	english of
robert_elms	english births
akshay_chandra_sharma	indian from
mika_waltari	finnish births
anthony_armstrong_:writer	20th-century male
anton_hansen_tammsaare	20th-century novelists
marisha_pessl	21st-century american novelists
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
pramod_raman	indian women short
bonnie_clearwater	american from
priya_a._s	indian indian
adolfo_bioy_casares	argentine births
matthew_reinhart	american people
deborah_robertson	australian short story
félix_morisseau-leroy	20th-century dramatists
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
eric_marcus	american from
dave_thorpe	british births
edgar_valter	people deaths
riadh_sidaoui	living people
diana_bachmann	british writers
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
elizabeth_hawes_:author	year of birth
barbara_mccauley	year of birth
mushtaq_ahmad_yusufi	pakistani of
gérard_de_villiers	french deaths
bobby_khan	indian film directors
eryue_he	pakistani births
eric_mitchell_:filmmaker	american film
daniel_vávra	video game
martha_wells	american american novelists
don_mcgregor	american comics
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
nisi_shawl	american american novelists
gregg_kavet	american television writers
rajkumar_jhalajit_singh	indian of
desmond_hogan	irish short
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
anil_gupta	british births
don_payne_:writer	american from
geoff_dyer	english of
garrett_fort	american male novelists
paul_goma	romanian essayists
a.m.dellamonica	21st-century canadian short
ardeshir_irani	indian film
margot_arce_de_vázquez	puerto rican
anita_daher	year women birth
chromatic_:programmer	american people writers
c.d.payne	american american novelists
ethan_gilsdorf	american from
enrique_gonzález_rojo,_jr	mexican births
eric_simonson	american male
andrea_cagan	american of birth
david_ruprecht	american from
hector_cantú	american comics
anthony_armstrong_:writer	20th-century male
musharraf_ali_farooqi	pakistani births
edward_kay_:writer	canadian from
geoffrey_kingscott	british deaths
dominick_dunne	american from
robert_steven_rhine	american comics
max_crawford_:writer	american from
elsa_joubert	south african
alec_robertson_:music_critic	british of
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
p._kalaimani	date deaths
michael_cohen_:writer	australian births
amanda_minnie_douglas	american american
mikhail_alekseyev_:writer	recipients of
mat_johnson	american from
hossein_sanapour	iranian births
fatima_meer	south african
pietari_päivärinta	finnish births
olivier_adam	french french
otto_manninen	people births
raphaël_confiant	french people
per_erik_hedman	living births
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
erika_cheetham	english deaths
alan_dean_foster	american american novelists
choi_in-ho	south births
a.a.gill	british of
gordon_rennie	british of
evan_beloff	canadian television writers
arabella_edge	21st-century women writers
guy_davenport	american american
elie_wiesel	american american
evaristo_de_miranda	brazilian births
a.whitney_brown	american television
h.c.cradock	20th-century women writers
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
corín_tellado	spanish women
genevieve_clay	australian births
quim_monzó	spanish births
matt_clark_:writer	american american short
erin_markey	american women
agnishekhar	indian writers
charles_dickens	english male
alphie_mccourt	american from
brent_budowsky	american from
mary_noailles_murfree	american women writers
dmitry_lipkin	american television writers
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
eric_overmyer	american television
charmian_london	american from
mazhar_ul_islam	pakistani births
frederick_guthrie	british of
beatrix_campbell	british of
devendranath_sharma	indian male
paulette_nardal	20th-century women writers
matilda_hays	19th-century women
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
robert_fisk	people of
aziz_nesin	turkish births
milo_dor	austrian male
dan_turèll	male births
matthias_nawrat	german women
eve_zaremba	canadian women
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
elisa_hall_de_asturias	20th-century women
gabe_hudson	american american novelists
mary_howard_:novelist	20th-century women novelists
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
duane_simolke	american from
epeli_hauʻofa	australian of
alison_goodman	20th-century women writers
eric_forsberg	american male
chitti_:writer	indian writers
andrew_murray_:minister	dutch deaths
catriona_sparks	australian science writers
marceline_loridan-ivens	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
chris_shipley	american from
rené_galand	french births
peg_lynch	american from
marie-anne_desmarest	french women writers
adeline_sergeant	english women writers
catherine_storr	20th-century women novelists
paul_kivel	american of writers
marsha_skrypuch	canadian children's
geoff_dyer	english of
anne_seymour,_countess_of_warwick	16th-century births
alaya_dawn_johnson	american women novelists
alan_j.gould	people deaths
mirkka_rekola	20th-century women
frans_johansson	american from
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
david_n.weiss	american from
hugo_sonnenschein	german deaths
francisco_azuela	mexican births
cullen_bunn	american of birth
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
grigol_robakidze	male dramatists
matthew_pitts	american television writers
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
anatole_broyard	american from
anabela_basalo	serbian of
phyllis_a._whitney	american women
hart_hanson	american television writers
cherríe_moraga	american american
frederick_simpich	american deaths
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
mary_alice_downie	canadian women writers
aidan_higgins	irish short
aaron_becker	american from
amar_sindhu	year of
chandra_free	american comics
greg_bear	american american novelists
giovanni_testori	italian male
maria_corsini	italian births
ramaranjan_mukherji	indian writers
dominique_noguez	french french novelists
herbert_lyle_mayfield	american from
maria_parr	living births
peter_de_rome	american births
philippe_soupault	french french
darrell_schweitzer	american american short
alexander_belyaev	russian deaths
gheorghe_vodă	moldovan writers
didi_menosi	israeli jews
antony_jay	people of
austin_hall_:writer	american american short
atiq_rahimi	french births
božena_němcová	austrian women
georges_pillement	french births
hector_c.macpherson	scottish deaths
alec_sokolow	american television writers
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
andrew_lam	american american
meera_nanda	living women
henriette_mantel	american from
harlan_greene	american american
bernadette_hall	new zealand novelists
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
anatoly_serep	chuvash deaths
danila_comastri_montanari	italian women writers
peter_tieryas	american births
nella_bielski	french french writers
brandon_friedman	american from
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
peggy_payne	american births
eliza_robertson	21st-century women short
frederick_guthrie	british of
alexander_herzen	russian russian
dasaradhi_rangacharya	indian from
richard_rodriguez	american from
guy_davenport	american american
frederick_rolfe	english short
david_lapham	american comics
mihir_sengupta	living writers
charles_a.williams_iii	american from
dan_j.marlowe	american american novelists
pierre_broodcoorens	belgian deaths
george_eckstein	american television
hugh_falkus	english educated
frank_tuohy	english male
ojārs_vācietis	people deaths
crystal_wilkinson	american american
b.m.suhara	20th-century women
andrew_collins_:broadcaster	english male
patricia_breen	american television writers
peter_o'donnell	english from
alexander_zhitinsky	russian births
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
richard_pursel	american people
c.v.sreeraman	indian male
claudio_sanchez	american births
i.k.k.menon	indian indian
djuna_barnes	american american
dorothy_kilner	19th-century women writers
emma_richler	21st-century canadian short
frank_manley	american american
alexandra_shimo	canadian canadian
antoinette_henriette_clémence_robert	french french
peter_milligan	living of
michael_j._tougias	american people
randy_powell	american american novelists
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
brian_cooke	british of
bertram_brooker	canadian from
alexander_herzen	russian russian
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
robert_bernstein_:comics	american comics
alessandro_d'avenia	italian births writers
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
ernest_holmes	american from
mirko_javornik	slovenian from
hugo_dittberner	german german
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
charles_gordon_:journalist	canadian canadian
aravind_enrique_adyanthaya	american births
robert_gittler	american of
avram_davidson	american american novelists
riku_sanjo	living people
donna_jo_napoli	american women novelists
agnes_nixon	american television
raša_papeš	living writers
andrzej_maksymilian_fredro	people deaths
philippe_soupault	french french
ian_mclachlan_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
mark_bowden	american from
david_malouf	australian short
mihkel_raud	living births
ernest_thayer	american from
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
george_monbiot	british of
marilyn_suzanne_miller	american television
brian_cleeve	irish from
raja_dhale	dalit writers
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
alexander_macleod_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
anvar_mammadkhanli	ukrainian deaths
doug_moench	american comics
betty_friedan	american american
agnes_hewes	american from
alana_i.capria	american american
cara_black_:author	21st-century women novelists
michael_chamberlain	australian from
annette_lapointe	canadian women
eugen_kumičić	croatian novelists
alan_coleman	australian births
piers_brendon	british of
duarte_barbosa	portuguese births
project_itoh	norwegian births
colin_wilson	english english
ed_subitzky	american male
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
david_malouf	australian short
achy_obejas	american american
robert_gardner_:academic	canadian from
mohan_bhandari_:writer	indian writers
giles_milton	british of writers
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
richard_appignanesi	canadian canadian
alexander_genis	american births
bruno_lasker	american births
rick_spears	american from
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
etgar_keret	israeli births
natalie_minardi_slater	american television writers
gabrielle_lord	australian women
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
basil_wells	american american short
husna_ahmad	british of
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
gotlib	french births
pauline_johnson	canadian women
hector_c.macpherson	scottish deaths
guy_davenport	american american
peter_weiss	german from
omar_ibn_said	american from
abed_elrahim_abu_zakrra	20th-century deaths
herta_huber	german from
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
claudine_monteil	french women
milo_urban	spanish writers
frederick_buechner	american from
elizabeth_royte	21st-century women writers
branislav_crnčević	serbian deaths
phil_gladwin	living births
panje_mangesh_rao	indian writers
alf_ahlberg	people deaths
nora_bossong	german women
david_zuckerman	american television
hortense_calisher	american american
guy_davenport	american american
marion_mainwaring	american women
giorgio_faletti	italian births
rich_johnston	year of birth
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
meg_medina	american from
meher_ramesh	indian film
franco_lucentini	italian births
herbert_achternbusch	german german
michael_herr	american from
maria_doolaeghe	german births
cora_coralina	brazilian women
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
donald_k.fry	american of
aya_tanimura	australian women writers
mary_catherine_bateson	american births
edwin_monroe_bacon	american deaths
eric_tunney	canadian from
miranda_lee	australian women writers
max_ehrmann	american births
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
dahlia_lithwick	canadian of birth
elizabeth_parson	people births
emma_dolujanoff	mexican women writers
brian_jacques	english births
antony_jay	people of
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
dox_:poet	20th-century deaths
polina_suslova	russian russian
alexander_faulkner_shand	english of
frederick_exley	american from
gerald_w.page	american american short
buz_kohan	american television
alain_leroy_locke	american from
dwight_macdonald	american from
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
hugh_abercrombie_anderson	canadian from
ningeokuluk_teevee	canadian from
george_hively	american male
grigory_baklanov	russian short
alice_pung	people births
george_william_curtis	american american
anatoly_sofronov	recipients of
marie_sizun	living people
nigel_bennett	english male
george_khoury_:author	american male writers
mel_tolkin	american male
ayi_kwei_armah	american people
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
günter_ruch	german male
g.waldo_dunnington	american from
anna_blaman	20th-century women
christine_miscione	21st-century women novelists
chi_li	people births
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
narayan_ghosh_mita	bangladeshi of is
dorothy_ripley	english births
hemchandra_barua	asom from
ranjit_desai	indian from
imtiyaz_husain	indian film birth
elyse_gasco	canadian canadian novelists
carlos_ruiz-tagle	chilean deaths
gustaw_przeczek	polish from
catherine_storr	20th-century women novelists
elsa_bernstein	20th-century concentration
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
graham_duff	english births
maung_htin	burmese births
amy_sherman-palladino	american television writers
felicitas_hoppe	german women writers
denys_val_baker	english of
fulvio_tomizza	italian italian
adam_resnick	american television writers
brian_priestley	english of
nikolai_garin-mikhailovsky	russian russian
nigel_nicolson	people of
daniel_merlin_goodbrey	english births
christine_piper	australian from
pete_moore_:science_writer	living people
drew_hayes	american comics
pat_caputo	american people
marion_bloem	21st-century women
delwar_hussain	alumni of
maxim_gorky	russian male
n._mohanan	indian male
heather_elizabeth_apple	canadian women writers
mike_curtis_:writer	american comics
frank_asch	american from
gregg_easterbrook	american from
margaret_way	australian women writers
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
a.m.dellamonica	21st-century canadian short
genevieve_foster	american from
brian_leyden	irish irish
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
dan_abnett	british of
paula_broadwell	american from
danny_baker	english educated
adam_james_dalton	21st-century of writers
charly_chiarelli	canadian from
mike_snider	american people
balduin_möllhausen	german deaths
aldous_huxley	english from
george_leonard	american from
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
doina_ruști	romanian novelists
imran_shah_:writer	asom from
michael_duffy_:australian_journalist	australian people
octavio_paz	mexican women
george_cockings	people births
pingali_nagendrarao	indian from
aaron_paquette	canadian from
amos_luzzatto	italian male
carlos_monsiváis	mexican births
rajat_arora	indian film
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
darnell_l.moore	american of
may_byron	english women
h.rider_haggard	english male
mimi_leahey	american television writers
mimi_leahey	american television writers
andrew_lam	american american
marita_bonner	american american
peter_coleman	australian of
hortense_allart	19th-century women writers
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
ellenor_fenn	19th-century women writers
duane_simolke	american from
david_carr_:journalist	american from
angelina_acuña	20th-century women
enrique_dussel	argentine from
matthew_yglesias	american people
holly_nelson	canadian of
marjorie_w._sharmat	american women writers
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
petru_bogatu	moldovan writers
henry_lawson	australian women
andra_medea	american women writers
elizabeth_wormeley_latimer	19th-century women
ginette_anfousse	canadian women writers
michael_harris_:editor	canadian canadian
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
mike_berenstain	american people
allen_barnett_:writer	american from
mushtaq_ahmad_yusufi	pakistani of
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
e.s.madima	new madima is
francisco_domene	spanish male
adam_maxwell	english births
duncan_weller	canadian canadian novelists
alice_furlong	irish women
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
demetria_daniels	american women writers
peter_bacho	living people
bruno_bernard_:writer	belgian births
nagavally_r.s.kurup	people deaths was
gerald_reece	english of
dasari_subrahmanyam	indian writers
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
patrick_meighan_:writer	american television writers
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
michel_bibaud	canadian canadian
muzi_epifani	20th-century women
ann_marcus	american from
elie_wiesel	american american
richard_gwyn_:welsh_writer	british writers
marisha_pessl	21st-century american novelists
felicia_bond	american women
marita_bonner	american american
dave_morice	american male
mathilde_schjøtt	norwegian norwegian
amber_dawn	21st-century women
bernard_maclaverty	scottish of
eliáš_galajda	people writers
molly_mccloskey	american births
atsushi_hachisu	australian births
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
bruce_bawer	american from
andreas_eschbach	italian births
paul_heyse	german german
george_wheeler_hinman	american from
charles_o'conor_:historian	people births
alasdair_gray	british of
carlos_moore_:writer	mexican births
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
andrei_strâmbeanu	moldovan writers
giorgio_faletti	italian births
david_m.alexander	american american novelists
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
margarita_bobba	italian women death
adelaide_manning	english women writers
cynthia_kadohata	american women writers
georges_lagrange	french french
marshall_browne	australian australian
anthony_burgess	english from
mark_pryor_:author	american from
giannina_braschi	american women
himani_bannerji	canadian of
michael_lisicky	american from
arthur_arnould	french deaths
ayu_utami	indonesian writers
gary_cohn_:comics	american comics
don_perrin	canadian from
bob_bendetson	american television writers
h.rider_haggard	english male
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
friedrich_de_la_motte_fouqué	german births
andrzej_sapkowski	20th-century short
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
charles_quentin_fernie_pope	new zealand
patricia_breen	american television writers
alice_furlong	irish women
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
arthur_arnould	french deaths
afonso_arinos	brazilian deaths
brenda_chapman	american film
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
conrad_rooks	american male
michael_fitzgerald_page	australian children's
peter_stone	american from
frederick_buechner	american from
megan_mayhew_bergman	21st-century women writers
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
robert_haven_schauffler	american from
peter_philipp	german german
curtis_roosevelt	american from
fereshteh_molavi	iranian births
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
antranig_dzarugian	armenian deaths
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
mark_coakley	canadian from
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
massimo_carlotto	italian births
bertrand_m.tipple	american deaths
michael_jecks	21st-century women novelists
emily_nasrallah	20th-century women
marshall_browne	australian australian
nigoghos_sarafian	armenian deaths
anabel_ochoa	spanish births
elisa_gaudet	american from
donna_williams	australian from
diana_hart	canadian people
marie_hall_ets	american of
cathy_park_hong	american from
dorothy_sterling	american women
christiane_rochefort	french women writers
dick_debartolo	people of
françois_bégaudeau	french french
nigoghos_sarafian	armenian deaths
ernest_buckler	canadian from
hezekiah_butterworth	american children's
furman_bisher	american from
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
dattaram_maruti_mirasdar	indian writers
noelle_stevenson	american of birth
amarkant	indian writers
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
rebecca_walker	american women
peter_nowalk	american from
asar_eppel	russian short
brenda_jagger	20th-century romantic novelists
radoje_domanović	serbian deaths
michitsuna_no_haha	10th-century births
david_crane_:producer	american from
ben_birdsall	british writers
duncan_rouleau	year of birth
alice_b.neal	american of writers
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
harry_b.smith	american from
amos_luzzatto	italian male
marie-sissi_labrèche	canadian canadian novelists
mary_alice_downie	canadian women writers
duarte_barbosa	portuguese births
o._e._middleton	new zealand
robert_p.t.coffin	american american
richard_rubin_:writer	american from
alona_frankel	israeli women writers
noy_holland	american from
rebecca_rand_kirshner	american television writers
ben_hawkey	british male
mary_hood	american women novelists
rift_fournier	american television
brendan_o'carroll	irish from
norberto_romualdez	people writers
peter_kosminsky	english male
benjamin_zephaniah	english births
david_hitchcock_:comics	english births
maurice_constantin-weyer	french french
bruce_eisner	american male
guy_hocquenghem	french french
eric_cross_:writer	japanese deaths
nikolai_naumov	russian male
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
alphonse_de_châteaubriant	french french
dan_turèll	male births
dick_king-smith	english of
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
heinrich_gottfried_von_bretschneider	german deaths
henry_herbert,_3rd_earl_of_carnarvon	english of
benjamin_taylor_:author	american university
catriona_sparks	australian science writers
david_edelsten	british of
carl_phillips	american from
david_bergelson	russian writers
heinrich_lilienfein	german deaths
david_e.kelley	american television
michael_markowitz	american male
eshwar_sundaresan	indian film
pj_manney	21st-century women
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
p._t._deutermann	american from
andrea_heuser	german women
mindy_newell	american comics
michael_jackson_:writer	english educated
d.c.fontana	american from
robert_eagle_:filmmaker	british births
parke_godwin	american american short
rafael_arévalo_martínez	guatemalan women
dim_zupan	slovenian from
catherine_seipp	american from
matt_clark_:writer	american american short
angus_reach	19th-century deaths
raymond_mortimer	people of
andrea_ashworth	english women
elizabeth_buchan	20th-century women novelists
milan_kundera	20th-century births
david_jacobs_:writer	american television writers
brian_trueman	british television
robert_satloff	american from
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
galad_elflandsson	canadian from
charles_g.booth	american from
elna_baker	american from
mark_bostridge	british of
michael_erard	year of birth
adolfo_bioy_casares	argentine births
arthur_nickson	19th-century births writers
amanda_minnie_douglas	american american
mat_johnson	american from
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
dmitry_grigorovich	russian russian
barry_turner_:journalist	british of
david_small	american from
rae_bryant	living people writers
baermann_of_limburg	german german
natalya_baranskaya	russian short
donal_ryan	irish people
mildred_ames	american women novelists
flora_kidd	20th-century women novelists
andrew_michael_hurley	british of birth missing
george_forrest_:author	american from
daniel_ford_:editor_and_writer	south african writers
robert_clark_young	american male
nigel_slater	english births
anne_douglas_sedgwick	20th-century women writers
andrei_lupan	moldovan writers
mary_ann_kilner	19th-century women writers
betim_muço	albanian albanian
eduard_uspensky	russian male
monika_bohge	german women writers
elisa_hall_de_asturias	20th-century women
freya_north	21st-century women novelists
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
anne_douglas_sedgwick	20th-century women writers
german_sadulaev	russian male
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
alice_furlong	irish women
elmer_bendiner	american deaths
constance_lindsay_skinner	canadian from
marie-anne_desmarest	french women writers
nouritza_matossian	english births
amanda_hesser	canadian births
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
megan_ganz	american of birth missing
bob_tischler	american television writers
antonio_tabucchi	italian from
rajnarayan_basu	bengali writers
dominick_dunne	american from
henri_chantavoine	french deaths
paul_kidd	australian short story
david_gaider	canadian game dragons
nicolas_chamfort	19th-century french
f.x.feeney	american births
milt_josefsberg	american television
hans_kristian_eriksen	norwegian norwegian
alex_de_rakoff	british male
pat_brown_:criminal_profiler	american women writers
rajaa_al-sanea	living people
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
noel_loomis	american from
philipp_meyer	american american
cathleen_with	canadian canadian novelists
pat_proft	american television
robert_marasco	american male dramatists
courtney_summers	21st-century women novelists
frances_paige	21st-century women novelists
alex_haley	american from
dimosthenis_kourtovik	greek births
haru_m.reischauer	slovenian deaths
michael_barringer	british of
elisabetta_caminèr_turra	19th-century women
michael_cisco	american american novelists
antoine_bigot	19th-century french
alfred_gissing	english of
nio_joe_lan	indonesian deaths
dorit_rabinyan	israeli novelists
mark_ellis_:author	living people
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
antonio_acevedo_hernández	male dramatists
marlena_spieler	living people
drew_pearce	british births
fleur_jaeggy	swiss births
rachel_axler	american television birth
chito_s.roño	belgian film
hasnat_abdul_hye	bengali writers
ari_berk	american american novelists
boris_pahor	people of
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
elizabeth_walter	20th-century of fiction
giulio_cogni	italian male
didi_menosi	israeli jews
august_gailit	estonian deaths
david_zindell	american american novelists
marion_lennox	australian women writers
carl_van_vechten	american from
alexander_yashin	ukrainian deaths
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
multatuli	dutch deaths
archie_goodwin_:comics	american age
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
paul_glennon	canadian canadian novelists
cleo_odzer	american births
max_allan_collins	american american novelists
adolph_freiherr_knigge	german deaths
hannah_mary_rothschild	english of
gyan_chaturvedi	indian from
phyllis_a._whitney	american women
catherynne_m.valente	21st-century american novelists
maurits_hansen	people births
mike_friedrich	american comics
dorothea_ann_thrupp	people births
phillips_lord	american from
eriks_ādamsons	20th-century deaths
maria_mutch	canadian canadian novelists
garth_christian	english of
carry_van_bruggen	dutch from
erik_davis	american births
mary_cappello	american of
han_bi-ya	american people
florence_caddy	people births
cesare_balbo	italian italian
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
c.dean_andersson	american comics
peary_chand_mitra	bengali writers
mohammad-ja'far_pouyandeh	iranian writers
ningeokuluk_teevee	canadian from
deb_lacusta	american television writers
peter_nowalk	american from
robert_heron_:writer	scottish births
mark_bowden	american from
elisa_von_der_recke	german births
pj_manney	21st-century women
ilana_mercer	canadian of
rachel_kushner	21st-century american novelists
marilyn_suzanne_miller	american television
clayton_rawson	american american novelists
chris_lang	english male
amrita_pritam	indian from
mohammad_moniruzzaman	bengali of
dawid_van_lill	south african
andré_aciman	american american
nancy_kress	american american novelists
dolen_perkins-valdez	21st-century of novelists
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
nguyễn_an_ninh	people deaths
avram_davidson	american american novelists
nastaran_ahmadi	american from
mark_weiner	american of writers
femi_osofisan	south african
ayub_sabir	pakistani births
eilif_straume	norwegian norwegian
maria_isabel_barreno	20th-century women
mark_aldanov	russian male
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
anna_sakse	chilean women
alice_sebold	21st-century women
penelope_fletcher	21st-century women writers
edmond_fleg	french french
brenda_chapman_:writer	21st-century women novelists
max_kase	american from
gregory_keyes	american american novelists
guy_davenport	american american
cesare_sterbini	italian italian
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
eoghan_mahony	american television birth
edward_allen_bernero	american television
david_rakoff	american american
arthur_c.clarke	english from
michael_brooks_:science_writer	living of writers
alfred_mann_:musicologist	american births
brent_weeks	american of novelists
robert_f.young	american male novelists
anne_eyre_worboys	20th-century women novelists
galina_shergova	recipients of
genevieve_foster	american from
brian_cleeve	irish from
mitchell_hurwitz	american television writers
corín_tellado	spanish women
darchhawna	indian from
flora_annie_steel	19th-century short
phakirappa_gurubasappa_halakatti	people writers
montgomery_pittman	american from
edward_robinson_:curator	american of
fran_roš	slovenian from
marta_kauffman	american male
carlos_monsiváis	mexican births
florence_ashton_marshall	english deaths
henry_rice_:writer	british births
christian_cooper	american of birth
michael_szameit	italian male
richard_e._kim	american writers
motohiko_izawa	japanese japanese
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
clay_shirky	american people
mary_hood	american women novelists
edward_pasewicz	polish deaths
cathy_park_hong	american from
henri_queffélec	french male
mark_pryor_:author	american from
david_kalstone	american from
hanna_rambe	indonesian births
brian_dunning_:author	american male
dolen_perkins-valdez	21st-century of novelists
christopher_paul_baker	people of
aileen_fisher	american from
rick_poynor	living people
chris_langham	english male
maria_jane_jewsbury	19th-century women writers
melissa_holbrook_pierson	american people
muzi_epifani	20th-century women
catherine_buckle	20th-century births
olufemi_terry	people leonean novelists
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
robert_harling_:writer	american male
daniel_handler	american male
bob_tarlau	american television
paul_bellini	canadian from
emma_maria_pearson	english deaths
phil_cooke	living people
clifford_meth	american comics writers
dominique_fernandez	french french
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
edward_r.pease	english of
glenn_ficarra	american of birth
rafael_hertzberg	19th-century deaths
matt_charlton	living of
donald_henderson_:writer	year of death
bob_paris	american from
clay_fulks	american deaths
aritha_van_herk	canadian canadian novelists
christine_harris_:author	australian women writers
mustafa_akyol	iranian people
emily_short	year of birth missing
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
michael_krogmann	american people
nikolai_virta	russian male
mark_arnold_:historian	american people
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
claude_bourdet	german from
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
gerhard_polt	german male
michael_bennett_:film_director	living people
georges_cogniot	french deaths
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
d'arcy_mcnickle	american american
robert_harling_:writer	american male
bernd_brunner	german women
ratnakar_matkari	indian film
anne_fortier	21st-century women novelists
olivier_cadiot	french french
adam_muto	american television
adam_resnick	american television writers
faolán_mac_an_ghabhann_na_scéal	people births
eric_dando	australian short story
colin_thompson	english births
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
claude_roger-marx	french french
olha_kobylianska	ukrainian from
david_chase	american television
r._g._de_s._wettimuny	theravada deaths
hirotada_ototake	living births
abul_fazal_:writer	bengali births
mike_reiss	american television writers
alain_leroy_locke	american from
paul_groussac	french deaths
helene_christaller	german deaths
ben_sokolowski	year television birth
max_kase	american from
adrienne_monson	american women novelists
carlos_franz	chilean births
alasdair_gray	british of
ricardo_barreiro	argentine male
gish_jen	american short short
nancy_kress	american american novelists
ed_james_:writer	american television
fatima_meer	south african
michael_fitzgerald_page	australian children's
richard_glatzer	american from
giovanni_verga	italian births
george_urban	people deaths
garth_christian	english of
chintapalli_ramana	indian of birth
fergus_bordewich	american births
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
g.k.chesterton	english male
go_osaka	japanese japanese
eraldo_pecci	american fiorentina
norman_lear	american from
navid_moazzez	living births
adrian_cornelius_langerwerf	new zealand writers
mike_edison	american of
robert_gernhardt	german german
boris_pahor	people of
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
nils_nordberg	norwegian norwegian writers
catherine_buckle	20th-century births
amanda_havard	american women novelists
paul_heyse	german german
mark_katzman	american from
dave_lowry_:martial_arts	american of
anton_funtek	slovenian from
mohammad_mokhtari_:writer	iranian from
aaron_paquette	canadian from
charles_fox_:jazz_critic	english births
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
ilana_mercer	canadian of
i.d.du_plessis	south african
mark_bowen_:writer	american people
robert_musil	20th-century women
maría_luisa_elío	spanish from
frank_r.stockton	american from
františek_sláma_:politician	finnish births
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
arturo_ambrogi	20th-century male
reiko_shimizu	living people
marita_bonner	american american
robert_a.heinlein	american from
aaron_becker	american from
max_ehrmann	american births
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
perch_proshyan	armenian deaths
marley_carib	living births
arie_kaplan	american comics
davide_cali	italian births
george_william_russell	irish deaths
margaret_bennett_:writer	21st-century of
naeem_mohaiemen	living births
clara_ng	saudi births
pyun_hye-young	south korean
dan_michel_of_northgate	english deaths
mary_renault	20th-century from
holly_black	american women novelists
harry_hodgkinson_:writer	english of
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
francisco_gregorio_billini	dominican republic
hilja_haapala	20th-century women
bernard_rudofsky	people deaths
eva_emery_dye	american american
alana_i.capria	american american
gretel_ehrlich	american american
neal_drinnan	australian short story
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
benedict_james	british births
elena_puw_morgan	20th-century women
gert_prokop	german male
gita_sahgal	indian from
mireille_marokvia	french women
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
gerry_finley-day	british of writers
agnes_morley_cleaveland	american women
michael_stemmle	living game
glenn_rockowitz	american from
anthony_bailey_:author	british of
eddie_chuculate	american from
michèle_marineau	canadian canadian novelists
arnold_leibovit	american television
fujisawa_shu	japanese births
berton_roueché	american from
eduardo_gonzález_viaña	male novelists
eduardo_acevedo_díaz	latvian births
douglas_kent_hall	american from
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
bill_mantlo	american comics
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
mohammed_hasan_alwan	living people
constance_laux	american of novelists
alicia_tindal_palmer	19th-century women writers
nikolai_zlatovratsky	imperial russian
michael_atkinson_:writer	living people
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
geeta_dharmarajan	indian women
anatoly_kasheida	ukrainian from
margaret_bakkes	south african writers
douglas_e.wright	canadian from
max_blecher	romanian novelists
dave_morice	american male
mark_blagrave	canadian canadian novelists
coral_lansbury	australian from
paula_giddings	american university
eduard_limonov	russian male
caterina_edwards	canadian canadian novelists
grange_calveley	people births is
chris_langham	english male
c.b.cebulski	year of birth missing
guy_de_maupassant	french french
mark_katzman	american from
amrita_pritam	indian from
a.a.phillips	australian from
bijan_najdi	iranian short
farley_mowat	canadian from
gadul_singh_lama	indian male
fletcher_pratt	american american novelists
marie_kohler	american from
mato_lovrak	20th-century novelists
peter_wells_:filmmaker	new of
cullen_bunn	american of birth
alexander_levitov	russian russian
anne_holmberg	american women novelists
michael_ende	german women
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
melody_moezzi	american from
maurice_nadeau	french deaths
michael_sledge	american male
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
mark_forsyth	english births
buzz_dixon	american comics
pablo_de_jérica	spanish births
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
edgar_allan_poe	american american
g.willow_wilson	american american novelists
dimbeswar_neog	asom from
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
greg_garrett_:writer	american of
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
evan_solomon	canadian people
ezra_jack_keats	american of
melissa_harris-perry	american from
crane_wilbur	american from
brenda_webster	21st-century american
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
barbara_hall_:tv_producer	american women writers
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
olen_steinhauer	american american novelists
philip_walsingham_sergeant	english births
alda_merini	italian women writers
fujisawa_shu	japanese births
rebecca_greer	american women
edward_s.aarons	american american novelists
margaret_maron	american women novelists
brenda_chapman	american film
angus_allan	people births
renée_french	american comics
charles_newman_:author	american from
alex_haley	american from
margi_preus	american women writers
catherine_yronwode	american from
boris_glinsky	russian deaths
matthew_weiner	american television
margaret_ryan	year of fiction
barbro_lindgren	swedish women
garlieb_merkel	german deaths
mohammed_khadeer_babu	indian writers
don_payne_:writer	american from
dominique_noguez	french french novelists
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
acharya_chatursen_shastri	20th-century male
carole_l.glickfeld	american of
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
alphie_mccourt	american from
adrian_cole_:writer	people births
mercer_simpson	people of
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
carol_severance	american women novelists
mikhail_dostoyevsky	russian russian
peter_o'donnell	english from
edward_gorey	american from
francisco_de_moraes	year births
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
alicia_sheridan_lefanu	19th-century women
amy_hempel	american from
alice_macgowan	american american novelists
angela_heywood	american deaths
patil_puttappa	indian births
maurice_g._dantec	french french novelists
hu_lancheng	people deaths
alexander_laurence	american from
rené_boylesve	french deaths
reuben_gold_thwaites	american from
frank_o'connor	irish deaths
arthur_morrison	english english
robert_bausch	21st-century american novelists
otar_chiladze	20th-century novelists
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
clyde_bruckman	american film
christopher_rowley	american american novelists
michael_j._weithorn	american television
h.l.gold	american american short
fazil_iskander	russian short
duane_simolke	american from
nina_burleigh	american of
percy_janes	canadian from
pat_caputo	american people
clifford_ball	american male short
bill_james	american from
rituparna_basu	living from
eduard_vilde	estonian from
chris_cleave	english male
e.m.granger_bennett	canadian canadian novelists
abhilash_chandran_r	indian writers
francine_noël	canadian women novelists
carl_phillips	american from
c.b.colby	american from
gary_david_goldberg	american television
elizabeth_kent_:writer	people women writers
augustus_jessopp	english deaths
banine	azerbaijani from
alexander_ross_:writer	people births
michel_kilo	syrian of
henry_james	american male
angus_donald	21st-century of novelists
alan_davis	english births
george_madden_martin	american women novelists
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
ann_donahue	american of writers
paddy_richardson	21st-century zealand writers
bernard_goldberg	american from
alex_haley	american from
orlando_wells	english male
barry_webster_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
farley_mowat	canadian from
andrew_weinberg	american male
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
esther_seligson	mexican women
gleb_uspensky	russian male
robert_bausch	21st-century american novelists
manuel_acuña	manuel deaths was a a writer writer and
cynthia_harrod-eagles	21st-century women novelists
alexander_stein	russian male
mike_mccoll-jones	living of birth
olaug_løken	norwegian writers
anja_meulenbelt	dutch writers
margot_bennett_:writer	20th-century women fiction
dave_lowry_:martial_arts	american of
marv_goldberg	american people
chowdhury_gulam_akbar	bengali writers
marley_carib	living births
mark_tungate	british of is
don_brinkley	american television
natasha_arthy	living births
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
günter_ruch	german male
nobuo_kojima	south births
ranjit_desai	indian from
david_charles_manners	british writers
mike_edison	american of
mickey_rose	american from
gustav_von_struensee	german male
pallab_kirtania	living from
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
chirlane_mccray	american of
dale_evans	american from
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
eric_mitchell_:filmmaker	american film
edmond_fleg	french french
michael_köhlmeier	living people
emiliano_reali	italian male
george_william_russell	irish deaths
nguyễn_an_ninh	people deaths
pierre_decourcelle	french french
filippo_buonaccorsi	italian male
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
edna_mayne_hull	20th-century women novelists
peter_kalifornsky	american women
bruce_tulgan	american from
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
menis_koumandareas	20th-century novelists
ali_bey_huseynzade	azerbaijani deaths
ca_davids	marc s. is is a writer writer and
ali_aliu	people births
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
diego_de_torres_villarroel	spanish births
arnold_bennett	english male
ellen_hinsey	american writers
bishwanath_ghosh	indian from
marie-sissi_labrèche	canadian canadian novelists
mike_heisler	american of birth
caroline_franz	american television writers
mary_lavin	irish women
peter_morgan	english of
g.f.zaimis	american women
birendra_kumar_bhattacharya	indian from
ellen_galford	canadian of novelists
gary_david_goldberg	american television
amos_tutuola	20th-century births
rob_lotterstein	american of writers
petar_zoranić	people births
arvin_chen	american births
marion_hargrove	american from
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
ellen_anne_hewett	people births
barbara_leonie_picard	20th-century women writers
elizabeth_buchan	20th-century women novelists
mercer_simpson	people of
mervyn_wall	irish irish
bruce_feiler	american from
peter_rollins	living from
peter_bacho	living people
aaron_ehasz	american television writers
iain_morris	english births
michael_hoeye	american people
pedro_juan_soto	american deaths
bernie_west	american from
doug_cooper_:author	american from
dhrubajyoti_bora	indian from
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
nicholas_luard	people of
brian_mcnaughton	american american novelists
fatix_ämirxan	ukrainian deaths
nick_bakay	american male
herman_miller_:writer	american television
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
neal_drinnan	australian short story
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
elmer_bendiner	american deaths
miguel_herrero_uceda	living people
arkadiy_belinkov	russian writers
paul_glennon	canadian canadian novelists
philip_womack	british births
benjamin_zephaniah	english births
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
danielle_walker	american women
oh_jung-hee	living births
aristide_frémine	19th-century deaths
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
pyotr_tkachev	imperial deaths
marisha_pessl	21st-century american novelists
alan_b.mcelroy	american male
robert_olen_butler	american american
noel_loomis	american from
gil_filar	canadian canadian novelists
nick_arnold	british people
angeliki_palli	italian italian
berton_roueché	american from
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
paul_avila_mayer	american television
adrian_cristobal	people births
alexander_chee	american of novelists
bill_sherk	year of birth
florjan_lipuš	slovenian from
angeliki_palli	italian italian
albert_ayguesparse	belgian deaths
marguerite_poland	south african
myron_sharaf	american of
gavin_extence	english male
patrick_senécal	canadian people
c.s.chellappa	indian indian
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
don_naylor	american from
marc_andreyko	manuel births is is an american writer and
alexander_macleod_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
david_albahari	serbian novelists
nevin_halıcı	living people birth
douglas_adams	english from
meghan_o'rourke	american women
charles_willeford	american from
frederick_buechner	american from
rebecca_walker	american women
henry_theodore_tuckerman	american american
reginald_hill	english of
angela_amato_velez	american television birth
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
mary_peters_:hymn_writer	people births
rain_chudori	living births
fannie_pearson_hardy_eckstorm	american deaths
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
bill_ransom	american american short
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
nev_fountain	english of writers
margaret_larkin	american american
elie_wiesel	american american
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
arild_haga	norwegian births
rob_hood	australian births
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
carlos_yushimito	peruvian short
marjabelle_young_stewart	american births
quim_monzó	spanish births
helen_bianchin	women women novelists
angela_hernández_nuñez	dominican of
gregg_bordowitz	american births
avner_cohen	american university
ana_maria_machado	brazilian women
r._k._narayan	indian from
geoff_dyer	english of
angeline_hango	canadian women novelists
angela_kang	american television writers
matthieu_ricard	french births
poola_tirupati_raju	indian from
neil_smith_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
matthew_tobin_anderson	american american novelists
adam_gopnik	american from
allie_bates	american women novelists
giovanni_verga	italian births
richard_c._meredith	american american short
alan_wrigley	australian of
františek_čelakovský	19th-century deaths
david_astle	australian australian
emily_smith_:author	21st-century women novelists
algernon_blackwood	english of
ahmet_zappa	american male
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
anna_blaman	20th-century women
nihal_atsız	turkish writers
alasdair_gray	british of
gaylord_dubois	american births
gerry_hunt	british of
henry_rice_:writer	british births
quentin_lee	canadian from
bruce_bawer	american from
hervé_bazin	french french
mohan_deep	living people
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
monica_sone	american from
matt_clark_:writer	american american short
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
anthony_swofford	american from
michael_barringer	british of
richard_bach	american from
dominique_bona	french women
alaa_al_aswany	indonesian births
robert_gittler	american of
abena_busia	20th-century women writers
blake_masters	american television writers
emili_teixidor	spanish male
greg_rucka	american from
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
maurice_joyeux	french deaths
elisa_von_der_recke	german births
furman_bisher	american from
peter_rühmkorf	german from
gita_sahgal	indian from
paul_theroux	american from
mark_arnold_:historian	american people
eva_norvind	norwegian women
florida_friebus	american from
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
carolyn_males	american women novelists
georges_perros	french deaths
n.richard_nash	marc births is a a writer writer and
ernesto_sabato	argentine births
michelle_delio	year of birth
didi_menosi	israeli jews
mark_evans_:comedian/writer	british of
oskar_rosenfeld	austrian jews
mike_yaconelli	american deaths
alastair_mcintosh	scottish of
garci_sánchez_de_badajoz	spanish births
riccardo_bacchelli	italian women
christopher_dow_:author	american male
matija_bećković	serbian of
fiona_mcintosh_:fencer	scottish of
eugene_george_key	american american novelists
amanda_browning	women romantic fiction
ali_aliu	people births
berdy_kerbabayev	people deaths
andrés_useche	american births
mary_agria	21st-century american novelists
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
mark_clifton	american american novelists
carlo_dossi	italian deaths
david_chase	american television
christine_miscione	21st-century women novelists
ilo_mitkë_qafëzezi	albanian albanian
blake_bailey	american from
cecil_e.rhode	american from
rajzel_żychlińsky	american american
margaret_halsey	american from
caridad_bravo_adams	mexican women writers
charles_willeford	american from
friederike_roth	german women
ghulam_sarwar	bangladeshi of
robert_coates_:critic	american american novelists
donna_mcfarlane	canadian canadian novelists
glória_perez	slovenian births
ernest_marwick	scottish deaths
rich_johnston	year of birth
elsa_triolet	russian women
aurora_levins_morales	american american
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
antonio_tabucchi	italian from
chris_regan	american of birth
h.j.whigham	scottish births
peter_morgan	english of
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
clifford_lindsey_alderman	american american novelists
emmanuèle_bernheim	french french writers
quincy_coleman_:singer	living people
david_alan_mack	american of novelists
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
danton_remoto	filipino births
elizabeth_post	american from
philippe_claudel	french births
adele_megann	21st-century women short
cornelia_meigs	american american
pamela_aidan	21st-century women novelists
mahmoud_dowlatabadi	marc j. is an american writer writer and
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
glenn_rockowitz	american from
necati_cumalı	turkish writers
michaela_angela_davis	american of
adrian_cristobal	people births
garin_wolf	american television writers
anthony_hartley	british births
david_quinn_:writer	american comics
robert_bernstein_:comics	american comics
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
edith_ranum	norwegian women
phiroz_mehta	people of
matt_zurbo	living of birth
cesare_balbo	italian italian
margery_latimer	american american novelists
golam_mostofa_:poet	indian from
františek_čelakovský	19th-century deaths
bob_budiansky	american comics
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
delys_bird	australian from
mark_aldanov	russian male
hortense_calisher	american american
ellen_davitt	australian women
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
dakshinaranjan_mitra_majumder	bengali writers
pallab_kirtania	living from
horace_kephart	american deaths
alenka_goljevšček	slovenian from
alice_bailey	english deaths
robert_damon_schneck	year of birth
genevieve_clay	australian births
gilles_leroy	21st-century essayists
edgar_brau	argentine short
maureen_jennings	21st-century women writers
d.scott_rogo	american births
melchior_lengyel	hungarian dramatists
balakumaran	indian indian
bill_grundfest	american television writers
margaret_roper	english women
curtis_roosevelt	american from
habib_bektaş	people writers
haroon_habib	bangladeshi of is
elizabeth_wormeley_latimer	19th-century women
ian_mcfadyen	australian television
pat_rosier	new zealand
ebrahim_al-arrayedh	people deaths
mary_virginia_carey	american women writers
mary_hood	american women novelists
ben_stein	american male
peter_morgan	english of
hermann_kant	german of
betty_roland	australian women
george_langelaan	irish of
harry_bernstein	american from
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
milo_manara	living births
amy_thomson	american women novelists
esther_hautzig	american deaths
nguyen_quang_lap	turkish births
adam_zameenzad	british of
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
christianne_meneses_jacobs	american of
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
melody_moezzi	american from
mulk_raj_anand	indian of
meredith_bagby	american births writers
alice_mcdermott	american women
mary_somerville	19th-century women
fahmida_riaz	pakistani of
martha_blum	canadian women
colin_butts	year of birth missing
mehmed_uzun	turkish births
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
ida_baccini	italian women writers
akira_hori	living births
gregory_norman_bossert	american american short
dennis_eichhorn	american from
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
ratnakar_chaini	living people
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
branislav_crnčević	serbian deaths
djuna_barnes	american american
marah_roesli	manuel deaths was a a
phil_klay	american from
clint_morris	australian television
greg_cox_:writer	american american novelists
michael_christie_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
namwali_serpell	american people
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
robert_harling_:writer	american male
elie_wiesel	american american
milan_kundera	20th-century births
curt_sampson	american male writers
doron_medalie	israeli people
bill_prady	american television
mary_hazelton_blanchard_wade	american from
philippe_delerm	21st-century french
pierre_decourcelle	french french
henning_haslund-christensen	people deaths
nicolai_costenco	romanian births
raphael_draccon	people births
hilary_bell_:writer	australian births
octavio_paz	mexican women
david_fury	american television
candace_camp	american women novelists
deborah_colker	brazilian births
carolyn_reeder	american women novelists
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
e.haldeman-julius	chilean deaths
paul_reed_:writer	american american
angela_bianchini	italian women
nirmal_verma	indian from
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
eleanor_millard	canadian canadian short
garin_wolf	american television writers
hiroshi_mori_:writer	japanese japanese
myron_coureval_fagan	american from
bhalchandra_nemade	indian writers
alfred_jarry	french french
david_shannon	american children's
abdón_ubidia	male short story
anthony_burgess	english from
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
coleman_jacoby	american from
mat_johnson	american from
alan_mak_:director	hong kong
robert_gardner_:academic	canadian from
mikhail_alekseyev_:writer	recipients of
mary_grannan	canadian women novelists
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
barry_pilton	english educated
n._s._madhavan	indian male
charles_bucke	english male
conrad_rooks	american male
cecilia_hae-jin_lee	american of of
andreas_eschbach	italian births
mikal_sylten	norwegian births
mike_grell	american comics
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
dasaradhi_rangacharya	indian from
ping_lu	21st-century women
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
arshavir_shirakian	armenian deaths
nigel_nicolson	people of
gary_myers_:writer	american american short
carole_hayman	english of writers
alan_bleasdale	english male
harry_bernstein	american from
anja_meulenbelt	dutch writers
paul_dowswell	living people
andre_dubus	american american novelists
frances_erskine_inglis,_1st_marquise_of_calderón_de_la_barca	british of
dalia_sofer	american of
michael_j._sullivan_:author	american american novelists
neel_mukherjee_:writer	indian of
b.m.suhara	20th-century women
harindra_dave	people births
rina_brundu	italian women writers
potturi_vijayalakshmi	living people
art_spander	american from
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
d.scott_rogo	american births
gus_john	british of
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
carol_mendelsohn	american television writers
mark_shand	people of
deb_amlen	american male
moderata_fonte	italian women
phil_brucato	living people
nam_jung-hyun	living people
marie_joseph	20th-century romantic novelists
dbc_pierre	australian from
pierre_bellemare	french male
george_wilbur_peck	american from
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
pam_scheunemann	living children's
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
christopher_belton	21st-century of
aldous_huxley	english from
mikhail_dostoyevsky	russian russian
mike_greenly	american births
charlie_williams_:british_writer	english births
ally_condie	american women novelists
olaus_magnus	16th-century deaths
eric_liu	american from
michitsuna_no_haha	10th-century births
helen_pai	american television writers
anar_rzayev	azerbaijani azerbaijani
patricia_matthews	20th-century women novelists
fabien_vehlmann	french births
michael_stewart_:writer	living births
marcus_gibson	marcus t. is an american writer writer and
rita_mae_brown	american american
rita_mae_brown	american american
charles_exbrayat	20th-century french novelists
helen_m.roberts	american from
marguerite_henry	american women novelists
alison_uttley	english births
gary_reed_:comics	american comics
peter_pinne	australian births
hwang_sun-won	20th-century births
bertrand_besigye	norwegian norwegian
anup_singh_choudry	bangladeshi of
giorgio_amendola	italian male
bobby_khan	indian film directors
elbert_hubbard	american from
chris_claremont	english births
maria_parr	living births
gerard_stembridge	irish of
ahmad_bashir	pakistani from
eugen_kumičić	croatian novelists
assaf_inbari	israeli novelists
catherine_yronwode	american from
ian_rankin	british of
benedict_kiely	irish irish
franz_borkenau	austrian deaths
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
girija_kumar_mathur	indian from
carl_van_vechten	american from
amrita_pritam	indian from
mike_barker_:producer	american television writers
rachel_abrams	american births
anthony_burgess	english from
faranak_margolese	american people
arkady_davidowitz	russian births
paul_dini	american television writers
marion_roach	american of birth
maria_jacquemetton	american television writers
bruno_podalydès	french male
george_william_russell	irish deaths
besnik_mustafaj	people male
rasmus_steinsvik	norwegian births
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
dan_slott	american of writers
abdullah_abdul_kadir	malaysian writers
amos_oz	israeli novelists
rené_daumal	french french
ernest_marwick	scottish deaths
franz_hessel	german deaths
antónio_aurélio_gonçalves	cape verdean
andrés_useche	american births
david_wearing	people of
margaret_yorke	20th-century births novelists
huang_yi_:author	hong kong
elaine_pope	american television writers
géza_bereményi	hungarian male
acharya_chatursen_shastri	20th-century male
max_crawford_:writer	american from
peggy_payne	american births
derek_brown_:editor	british of birth
blake_masters	american television writers
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
alexander_neverov	russian male
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
avadhanam_sita_raman	indian from
nat_perrin	american from
homen_borgohain	indian from
gayl_jones	20th-century women
miguel_m._abrahão	brazilian novelists
miguel_herrero_uceda	living people
danielle_pafunda	american of birth
arthur_drews	german deaths
phyllis_a._whitney	american women
anna_holmes	american of
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
michio_takeyama	japanese japanese
maría_esther_vázquez	argentine women
maurice_mierau	canadian from
abdul_haq_choudhury	bengali from
abdullah_tahiri	people deaths
rafael_barrett	paraguayan deaths
daniel-rops	french french
brian_floca	american of
channing_gibson	american television writers
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
bernard_assiniwi	canadian from
anna_sheehan	21st-century women novelists
edwin_s.grosvenor	american from
potturi_vijayalakshmi	living people
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
helen_pai	american television writers
richard_hakluyt	english deaths
richard_euringer	german male
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
numa_sadoul	living births
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
qanate_kurdo	people writers
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
helen_m.roberts	american from
richard_holloway	scottish of
dorothy_fowler	20th-century women writers
olaus_magnus	16th-century deaths
devin_k.grayson	american comics
amanda_lohrey	20th-century women
elizabeth_kata	australian women
christiane_akoua_ekué	french births
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
george_w.dick	american male
constantin_stamati	people from
bushra_rahman	pakistani of
cheikh_tidiane_gaye	people births
georges_smal	belgian deaths
conrad_aiken	american american
cecilia_hae-jin_lee	american of of
elie_wiesel	american american
alan_moore	english births
francisco_gonzález_ledesma	spanish women
algernon_blackwood	english of
alexandra_levit	american births
robert_levin_:writer	american from
richard_reeves_:british_author	british people
christine_piper	australian from
germaine_greer	australian from
martha_mason_:writer	people births
clive_barker	lgbt male
montague_haltrecht	english from
austin_hall_:writer	american american short
c.n.sreekantan_nair	indian male
andersen_gabrych	american male
don_roff	american male novelists
heleen_mees	japanese births
ghazaros_aghayan	armenian deaths
davor_domazet-lošo	turkish writers
christian_cooper	american of birth
peter_altenberg	austrian deaths
adolfo_costa_du_rels	german male
hinemoana_baker	south african
amy_sterling_casil	american american short
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
brendan_o'carroll	irish from
geoffrey_maloney	australian women writers
priya_a._s	indian indian
robert_gottlieb	american from
amarkant	indian writers
peter_stursberg	canadian of
robert_costa_:journalist	american of
georges_de_bièvre	french french
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
geling_yan	american people
curtis_roosevelt	american from
eve_zaremba	canadian women
derenik_demirchian	armenian armenian
paul_cottin	french deaths
gabriela_brimmer	mexican births
nar-dos	armenian armenian
chuck_dixon	american comics
antonio_skármeta	chilean jews
motilal_jotwani	indian writers
dan_jones_:writer	english of
henri_antoine_jules-bois	french deaths
carlo_collodi	italian italian
penny_jordan	20th-century women novelists
anna_fricke	year of birth missing
gunnel_linde	people births
hemchandra_goswami	asom from
mehrunnisa_parvez	indian women
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
domenico_tempio	italian deaths
maureen_howard	american american
hans_wollschläger	german births
clement_clarke_moore	american from
gorur_ramaswamy_iyengar	indian writers
nick_toczek	british of
elvia_ardalani	mexican births
bess_meredyth	american from
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
michael_moorcock	english science
antonio_acevedo_hernández	male dramatists
anabela_basalo	serbian of
gustavo_corção	chilean deaths
david_foster_:writer	american of writers
may_cutler	canadian women
michael_krogmann	american people
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
nawal_el_saadawi	egyptian people
paul_reed_:writer	american american
matthew_chojnacki	american births
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
pyotr_tkachev	imperial deaths
hovik_vardoumian	armenian deaths
paul_h._bruske	american deaths
philip_k._dick	american american
nikolai_karonin-petropavlovsky	russian male
aijaz_ahmad_mangi	pakistani births
henri_queffélec	french male
mirabel_osler	english women writers
george_grigore	romanian births
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
ignace_lepp	french deaths
miloš_mikeln	slovenian from
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
brockton_mckinney	american american short
adolf_muschg	german from
arthur_c.clarke	english from
dorothy_p.lathrop	american from
harriott_horry_ravenel	american women
pamela_morsi	american women novelists
mary_griffith	american children's writers
amber_benson	american women writers
camille_lemonnier	belgian deaths
noel_loomis	american from
henry_miller	american from
gangadhar_balkrushna_sardar	people deaths
philippe_claudel	french births
neel_mukherjee_:writer	indian of
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
esther_averill	american women
bud_sparhawk	american american short
barry_pilton	english educated
bogart_rogers	american from
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
francisco_domene	spanish male
andré_aciman	american american
richard_e._kim	american writers
dale_carnegie	american from
maria_aurora_couto	indian women
abhilash_chandran_r	indian writers
anton_gill	english births
pierre_bellemare	french male
george_william_russell	irish deaths
c.v.sreeraman	indian male
carlo_collodi	italian italian
florinda_donner	american from
dan_rhodes	people of
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
chester_himes	american from
bjørn_sand	norwegian births
rhim_ju-yeon	living births
augusta_stevenson	american women writers
german_sadulaev	russian male
matt_warburton	american television
michelle_king	american television writers
george_jonas	canadian from
norman_corwin	american male novelists
maximilian_kravkov	people deaths
ralph_chaplin	american deaths
michael_jacobs	american television
pola_oloixarac	argentine births
markus_zusak	australian from
adwaita_mallabarman	people writers
peter_bradshaw	english births
arturo_jauretche	argentine essayists
ayi_kwei_armah	american people
richard_harris_:television_writer	english births
henry_blue_kline	american american
barbara_baynton	australian women
elizabeth_bevarly	american romantic novelists
hella_haasse	20th-century women
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
francisco_domene	spanish male
bwesigye_bwa_mwesigire	ugandan of
frank_manley	american american
anthony_c.west	people births
carol_bruneau	canadian women novelists
erin_foster	american from
federico_andahazi	argentine argentine
francis_x.king	place of birth missing
michaela_angela_davis	american of
carlos_noguera	venezuelan births
catherine_mavrikakis	canadian canadian novelists
ari_berk	american american novelists
mehdi_khalaji	iranian births
evelyne_lallemand	french women writers
myron_sharaf	american of
angela_bianchini	italian women
cora_coralina	brazilian women
nellie_hermann	21st-century american novelists
dianne_nelson	american short
collin_wilcox_:writer	american american novelists
hala_misrati	australian births
mercedes_valdivieso	20th-century women
mike_curtis_:writer	american comics
gaylord_dubois	american births
nawal_el_saadawi	egyptian people
gavin_edwards_:writer	american of birth
andrew_collins_:broadcaster	english male
gleb_uspensky	russian male
nguyễn_ngọc_ngạn	canadian from
matthew_jacobs	living people
anjum_anand	british of
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
noël_godin	belgian births
margi_preus	american women writers
carlos_monsiváis	mexican births
harry_crane	american television
dorothy_macardle	irish deaths
honobu_yonezawa	japanese short
eileen_albrizio	american women
meher_ramesh	indian film
bwesigye_bwa_mwesigire	ugandan of
barbu_ștefănescu_delavrancea	romanian from
herbert_lyle_mayfield	american from
alana_i.capria	american american
arto_paasilinna	finnish births
catherine_lucy_innes	new zealand writers
margaret_mayo_:novelist	english women novelists
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
raja_rao	indian from
eugène_mouton	french male
charles_allen_:writer	british births
astrid_roemer	surinamese births
g.k.govinda_rao	indian of
michelle_herman	living births writers
robert_d.cardona	american television
richard_harris_:television_writer	english births
peter_demant	russian male
chris_lang	english male
robert_l.fish	american american novelists
helen_pidd	people of
erik_p.kraft	american of birth
fernanda_eberstadt	21st-century women novelists
gianna_manzini	20th-century women
per_ahlmark	swedish of
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
dorothy_ripley	english births
michiko_nagai	japanese japanese writers
chandra_kumar_agarwala	asom from
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
dea_birkett	british of
audre_lorde	american american
eliza_ruhamah_scidmore	american from
maxim_gorky	russian male
bruce_vilanch	american from
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
donna_kossy	american women
bozorg_alavi	iranian births
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
anna_jansson	swedish women
neil_mossey	british people
dan_abnett	british of
richard_levinson	american television
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
aravind_enrique_adyanthaya	american births
ratnakar_matkari	indian film
erik_fosnes_hansen	norwegian from
henry_james	american male
matthew_yglesias	american people
aimé_martin	french male
nina_berberova	russian russian
peter_nowalk	american from
anton_funtek	slovenian from
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
maría_argelia_vizcaíno	living women
meghan_o'rourke	american women
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
heather_graham_pozzessere	american women novelists
gregory_mcdonald	american american novelists
peter_rühmkorf	german from
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
andrew_collins_:broadcaster	english male
gary_friedrich	american comics
ginn_hale	american american short
bob_martin_:comedian	canadian births
eileen_wilks	american women novelists
meridel_le_sueur	american women
mike_curtis_:writer	american comics
chris_bachelder	american from
mary_noailles_murfree	american women writers
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
rhys_hughes	british births
rex_stout	american from
robert_karjel	living births
colin_j.gillespie	australian from
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
edward_allen_bernero	american television
rhianna_pratchett	english people
beppe_fenoglio	italian male
gary_delaney	english births
edmond_hamilton	american comics
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
andré_vianco	american of
robert_fisk	people of
mercy_otis_warren	american american
alan_j.porter	english of
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
parke_godwin	american american short
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
meša_selimović	serbian from
edward_mccourt	canadian from
fernanda_eberstadt	21st-century women novelists
r._j._ellory	english births
dorothy_ripley	english births
e.v.krishna_pillai	indian from
richard_sharpe_shaver	american american short
melissa_harris-perry	american from
deborah_kimmett	21st-century women novelists
hemchandra_barua	asom from
beatríz_peniche_barrera	mexican women writers
andrés_caicedo	male short
h.rider_haggard	english male
ardeshir_irani	indian film
pat_proft	american television
allison_silberberg	american women writers
françois-thomas-marie_de_baculard_d'arnaud	french french
matthew_dickens	american male
donna_williams	australian from
bhabani_bhattacharya	indian of
angeliki_palli	italian italian
mick_jackson_:author	english births
greg_garrett_:writer	american of
gisèle_prassinos	20th-century women
benjamín_carrión	20th-century deaths
mike_penner	american from
erich_ebermayer	german male
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
nagendra_narayan_choudhury	indian from
elyse_gasco	canadian canadian novelists
maria_koleva	french births
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
p._david_hornik	american people
gregory_orfalea	american people
hiroshi_mori_:writer	japanese japanese
naeem_mohaiemen	living births
alan_sheridan	english births
hamlet_bareh	indian from
giulio_cesare_croce	italian italian
petre_popa	living people
natasha_walter	living births
mridula_garg	indian writers
mike_carlin	american comics
ferdinand_brunetière	french deaths
hans-otto_meissner	german deaths
choi_in-ho	south births
antonia_ridge	scottish deaths
mindy_newell	american comics
claudia_jameson	20th-century romantic fiction
angie_abdou	21st-century canadian novelists
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
günther_krupkat	german male
robert_frazier_:writer	american science short
murry_hope	english births
michael_conforti	american television writers
nathan_burgoine	canadian canadian novelists
robert_spencer_carr	american american short
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
anne_degrace	21st-century women writers
michael_nugent	irish people
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
gary_lachman	american from
frank_roche	american bloggers
bernardo_de_alderete	portuguese births
fang_zhouzi	american births
marie-louise_gay	canadian from
max_crawford_:writer	american from
ashley_bryan	american from
rina_brundu	italian women writers
aaron_cohen_:counterterrorist	american births
eula_biss	american university
günther_schwab	austrian births
milena_nikolova	living births
auguste_lorieux	french deaths
maura_murphy	irish deaths
ezra_jack_keats	american of
refika_birgül	living people
marilyn_suzanne_miller	american television
george_langelaan	irish of
gerald_brenan	british of
pravrajika_vrajaprana	american women writers
crane_wilbur	american from
ephraim_of_bonn	filipino births
rhys_hughes	british births
pío_baroja	spanish births
nguyễn_ngọc_tư	living people
matthew_schreuder	australian from
marie_ferrarella	american women novelists
g.a.natesan	20th-century from
eric_van_lustbader	american american novelists
miklós_vámos	hungarian from
michael_franzak	american people
abubakar_imam	south of
peter_weiss	german from
michael_a._burstein	american american short
anna_perera	british births
nahum_benari	israeli jews
red_haircrow	living people
caroline_lamarche	belgian births
p._n._oak	indian writers
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
michael_dooney	american of birth
philippe_claudel	french births
alvin_boretz	american from
david_d.levine	american science short
morag_joss	21st-century women writers
michael_scarce	american of
brian_clegg_:writer	people of
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
richard_russell_:dow_theory	american from
adam_small_:writer	afrikaans-language of
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
ostap_vyshnya	russian writers
chris_regan	american of birth
daithí_ó_muirí	irish short
paul_magrs	english science
orrin_keepnews	american from
minna_canth	19th-century women
claude-françois-xavier_mercier_de_compiègne	french french
rashid_jahan	20th-century deaths
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
howard_gordon	american television
opal_tometi	american of writers
antoine_blondin	french male
guillaume_bigot	french births
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
milena_nikolova	living births
danny_zuker	american television writers
betty_ren_wright	american women novelists
maria_elsa_da_rocha	20th-century women
mary_brave_bird	american deaths
rob_pearlstein	living people
martina_cole	english births
p._sivakami	living writers
fletcher_pratt	american american novelists
diamond_shumsher_rana	20th-century deaths
carol_j.adams	american from
méryl_marchetti	living births
michael_rowe	american television writers
perrine_leblanc	canadian canadian novelists
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
clayton_rawson	american american novelists
george_forrest_:author	american from
gary_paulsen	american american novelists
farley_mowat	canadian from
paullina_simons	writers from
rift_fournier	american television
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
pamela_brooks	21st-century women novelists
matt_kindt	american comics
gabrielle_lord	australian women
mark_aldanov	russian male
pat_flower	australian women
diana_rowland	american women novelists
migdalia_cruz	american of birth
michael_o'donoghue	american male
francis_stuart	irish deaths
harindra_dave	people births
garth_ennis	new of
fleur_jaeggy	swiss births
abby_mann	american television
multatuli	dutch deaths
musa_anter	people deaths
a.m.dellamonica	21st-century canadian short
adolfo_bioy_casares	argentine births
dennis_kelly	english male
pamela_allen	australian from writers
anna_maria_ortese	italian women writers
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
cass_pennant	english male
patrick_mchale_:artist	american male
dmitry_gorchakov	russian male
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
charlotte_zolotow	american women
nick_stone_:author	21st-century people
andrew_hutchinson_:author	australian from
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
dinanath_gopal_tendulkar	indian writers
arthur_bárdos	hungarian male
danny_casolaro	american from
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
barry_oakley	australian australian
ramkumar_mukhopadhyay	indian writers
ernest_hillen	canadian canadian
nathan_shaham	israeli novelists
dale_evans	american from
robert_dean_frisbie	american from
daedalus_howell	american from
elie_wiesel	american american
cara_hoffman	21st-century women novelists
hayes_davenport	american television
dan_harmon	american television
obert_skye	american of birth
rich_blomquist	american television
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
elizabeth_sarnoff	american television writers
hans_wollschläger	german births
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
michel_onfray	french french
gyan_chand_jain	recipients writers
marion_halligan	australian women writers
beatriz_copello	australian australian
paul_h._bruske	american deaths
rinki_bhattacharya	indian people
miloš_mikeln	slovenian from
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
fiston_mwanza_mujila	21st-century women
meeka_walsh	canadian canadian novelists
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
georges_baal	hungarian from
giuseppe_berto	italian italian
brian_hargrove	american television
merata_kawharu	south zealand
mark_waid	american comics
banarsidas_chaturvedi	indian writers
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
richard_brightfield	living children's
olle_adolphson	swedish from
mohammad_mokhtari_:writer	iranian from
france_herron	american age
bill_james	american from
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
miha_mazzini	slovenian from
adam_gopnik	american from
antanas_škėma	lithuanian novelists
richard_marsland	australian from
aaron_mcgruder	american from
emily_newell_blair	american from
park_hyoung-su	living korean
eric_m.witchey	american american short
chet_faliszek	year comics
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
martha_cecilia	living people
peter_brimelow	american from
mushtaq_ahmad_yusufi	pakistani of
carmen_kurtz	spanish births
derrick_o'keefe	canadian from
armstrong_sperry	american from
mohandas_nemishray	living of birth
paul_theroux	american from
annamarie_jagose	21st-century women
nicky_moey	singaporean people
pål_johan_karlsen	people births
ethan_gilsdorf	american from
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
otto_eis	austrian deaths
mercer_mayer	american from
anthony_burgess	english from
phil_cooke	living people
ina_boudier-bakker	20th-century dutch
richard_hooker_:author	american from
darrell_figgis	19th-century deaths
david_a.mcintee	21st-century women writers
angela_heywood	american deaths
abdallah_marrash	people of
donald_k.fry	american of
carolyn_reeder	american women novelists
melina_marchetta	australian children's
philippe_le_sueur_mourant	people births
dan_chaon	american american novelists
hutton_gibson	american from
david_bergman_:american_writer	american male
dj_hazard_:comedian	american male
reiko_shimizu	living people
christopher_fowler	english births
felicia_bond	american women
franz_lidz	american from
rachel_qitsualik-tinsley	canadian women writers
carol_bishop-gwyn	canadian women
dagon_taya	burmese births
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
elizabeth_anne_finn	people deaths
grant_morrison	people of
guy_davenport	american american
nat_gertler	american comics
alexander_chee	american of novelists
haru_m.reischauer	slovenian deaths
manuel_alfonseca	marc deaths is an an writer writer and and
evan_reilly	american television writers
faranak_margolese	american people
adolphe_joanne	french deaths
carlos_zubizarreta	people from
c.j.sansom	british of
adolf_brand	german deaths
george_dohrmann	american from
imre_vallyon	people zealand
chandler_owen	american deaths
henriette_arendt	swedish women
mark_sable	american comics
matt_bell_:author	american births
h.rider_haggard	english male
michel_kilo	syrian of
george_eckstein	american television
don_roff	american male novelists
brander_matthews	american from
ove_von_spaeth	living writers
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
peter_kosminsky	english male
georges_simenon	20th-century from
mary_louisa_molesworth	19th-century women
aya_goda	japanese births
david_goldblatt_:writer	english of
margret_rey	german births
mazarine_pingeot	french french
gerbrand_bakker_:novelist	dutch dutch
frédéric_martel	french births
park_solhee	living people
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
ritchie_perry	21st-century women novelists
michel_onfray	french french
arnold_drake	american comics
matias_masucci	italian male
duane_simolke	american from
rafael_grugman	russian writers
rachna_gilmore	canadian women
alison_hume	year women writers
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
charles_willeford	american from
giannina_braschi	american women
mary_francis_shura	american women novelists
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
ashwin_sanghi	indian women
margot_arce_de_vázquez	puerto rican
guy_gavriel_kay	canadian from
harold_bell_wright	american from
husna_ahmad	british of
alex_flinn	american women novelists
rich_blomquist	american television
carl_amery	german male
eduard_uspensky	russian male
hossein_mortezaeian_abkenar	iranian births
premchand	indian from
barry_blitzer	american from
dun_karm_psaila	people deaths
bernard_werber	french french novelists
maría_dueñas	spanish women
alexandre_astier	french male
francis_stuart	irish deaths
henry_dumas	american from
nugroho_notosusanto	people novelists
matt_clark_:writer	american american short
chintha_lakshmi_sinhaarachchi	sri lankan
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
chi_li	people births
aaron_becker	american from
georges_belmont	french french
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
fred_uhlman	people writers
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
annette_lapointe	canadian women
aranka_siegal	american women
rajzel_żychlińsky	american american
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
andrea_bajani	italian births
bernard_marshall	american from
henry_halsey_noyes	american from
brian_wood_:comics	american comics
richard_jefferies	english births
etta_federn	mexican women
peter_coleman	australian of
maryse_dubuc	canadian births
clement_clarke_moore	american from
mahip_chadha	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
robert_kanigher	american comics
constantin_stamati	people from
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
mazhar_ul_islam	pakistani births
alan_sillitoe	english short
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
anton_van_wilderode	flemish belgian
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
mitch_berman	american american novelists
alan_wrigley	australian of
martin_segon	serbian of
eric_van_lustbader	american american novelists
audrey_howard	20th-century women novelists
paula_cwikly	american television writers
anna_seghers	german of
mitch_berman	american american novelists
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
alexandr_aksakov	imperial russian
daniil_andreyev	russian male
randy_powell	american american novelists
elna_baker	american from
nikša_gradi	serbian writers
mavis_nicholson	british births
ernest_holmes	american from
george_wyatt_:writer	english deaths
frank_r.stockton	american from
al_ewing	british births is
margaret_maddocks	20th-century women novelists
gopala_chandra_praharaj	indian from
catherine_lucy_innes	new zealand writers
coelho_neto	brazilian deaths
adam_gopnik	american from
colin_duriez	british writers
clive_barker	lgbt male
chris_mckenna_:writer	american television writers
emma_jane_hogbin	canadian from
muthoni_likimani	mexican women
narayan_singh_bhati	indian writers
eliza_frances_andrews	american american
adam_kazimierz_czartoryski	recipients of the
christian_cooper	american of birth
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
robert_costa_:journalist	american of
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
riadh_sidaoui	living people
florencio_varela_:writer	albanian male
daniil_mordovtsev	russian russian
fenton_johnson	american american
estela_canto	argentine women
don_roff	american male novelists
carol_mendelsohn	american television writers
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
david_horowitz	american from
ed_brubaker	american comics
henry_halsey_noyes	american from
chuck_dixon	american comics
bo_goldman	american from
caterina_albert	spanish births
rictor_norton	american from
david_tischman	american comics writers
ghassan_kanafani	20th-century novelists
perihan_mağden	turkish people
alice_b.neal	american of writers
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
albert_dorrington	20th-century births
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
gisèle_prassinos	20th-century women
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
norihiro_yagi	living people
charlie_rubin	american television writers
apuleius	2nd-century romans
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
pat_jordan_:author	american braves
michael_lind	american from
normando_hernández_gonzález	living people
fernando_ponce_de_león	brazilian novelists
diana_morgan_:novelist	american of novelists
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
david_rakoff	american american
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
alain_jouffroy	french french
christopher_green_:author	australian women writers
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
peter_coleman	australian of
rachel_manley	canadian women writers
ricky_lo	filipino people
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
ian_mchugh	australian of writers
anthony_simmons_:writer	english educated
michael_nugent	irish people
midori_:author	american from
antoine_bigot	19th-century french
nathan_fielder	canadian from
peter_wells_:filmmaker	new of
david_kalstone	american from
philip_kreiner	canadian canadian novelists
germaine_greer	australian from
robert_a.heinlein	american from
alan_wellikoff	american of birth
dante_troisi	italian male
franz_lidz	american from
dmytro_dontsov	ukrainian deaths
alice_chetwynd_ley	english romantic
mark_aldanov	russian male
murray_boltinoff	american comics
ada_cambridge	australian women
eric_kripke	american television
akshay_chandra_sharma	indian from
pandit_narendra_sharma	indian from
hiroko_takenishi	japanese births
ernest_delahaye	french french
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
fiona_fox_:press_officer	people of
cecil_e.rhode	american from
christina_m.kim	american television birth
richard_b.spencer	marc j. is is an american writer and and
richard_bruce_nugent	american from
richard_leviton	living births
graham_hancock	british writers
max_domarus	german births
charlotta_frölich	19th-century births
africanus_horton	people births
plum_johnson	canadian canadian writers
mavis_nicholson	british births
durga_charan_mohanty	indian from
oktay_rıfat_horozcu	turkish writers
ben_humble	scottish deaths
philippe_claudel	french births
claude_bourdet	german from
radovan_ivšić	croatian novelists
o._henry	american births
aleksandar_hemon	american american
michael_blumlein	american american novelists
deborah_kimmett	21st-century women novelists
djuna_barnes	american american
paul_theroux	american from
achy_obejas	american american
melesina_trench	irish women
pierre_assouline	french births
federico_de_roberto	italian italian
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
ramsey_campbell	english english
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
moti_nandi	indian of
raja_dhale	dalit writers
arvin_chen	american births
henry_stephens_salt	english of
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
dave_laing	english of
eduard_vilde	estonian from
anna_sakse	chilean women
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
andrei_zarin	russian russian
ed_james_:writer	american television
felice_picano	lgbt american
enrique_gonzález_rojo,_jr	mexican births
abujafar_shamsuddin	bengali births
ian_mclachlan_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
domenico_tempio	italian deaths
dnyanesh_maharao	indian from
richard_steele	19th-century of
gail_simmons	canadian from
ben_dolnick	american from novelists
max_zimmering	german male
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
h.g.wells	english of
felice_schwartz	american women
o._e._middleton	new zealand
anthony_burgess	english from
don_quinn	people deaths
diana_rowland	american women novelists
allen_r.morris	american from
maximilian_kravkov	people deaths
mark_richard	american from
ayun_halliday	american from
paul_vallely	british of
catherine_deveny	australian from
philippe_le_sueur_mourant	people births
michael_shermer	american from
alex_flinn	american women novelists
david_yurkovich	american births
peter_dubé	canadian male novelists
neil_smith_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
mehrunnisa_parvez	indian women
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
rasheed_kidwai	living writers
alexander_jablokov	american american short
mushtaq_ahmad_yusufi	pakistani of
eric_liu	american from
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
dhrubajyoti_bora	indian from
greye_la_spina	american american short
denis_tillinac	french male
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
garrett_lerner	american television writers
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
erle_elsworth_clippinger	estonian births
ayako_ikeda	american births
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
giovanni_arduino_:author	italian births
mary_eliza_fullerton	australian women writers
emma_richler	21st-century canadian short
dave_eggers	american american
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
rob_nieuwenhuys	dutch dutch
girija_kumar_mathur	indian from
folco_de_baroncelli-javon	french deaths
bob_shaw	20th-century from fiction
midori_:author	american from
dave_thompson_:author	british births
céline_renooz	belgian belgian
claire_mowat	canadian women writers
pierre_béarn	french french
navid_kermani	living births
brian_cox_:director	american film
david_hines	english male
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
olivier_adam	french french
melesina_trench	irish women
cuthbert_hamilton-ellis	people deaths
r._d._low	british from
greg_bear	american american novelists
adolf_uzarski	german deaths
arthur_j.burks	american from
dave_jeser	american television writers
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
david_horowitz	american from
dan_shaughnessy	american from
dorothy_sterling	american women
derviš_sušić	bosnia and herzegovina
george_ade	american american
cornelius_eady	american american
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
marjorie_williams	american from
martine_broda	french women writers
elisa_von_der_recke	german births
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
ignacio_mariscal	austrian deaths
glenn_rockowitz	american from
philip_womack	british births
elizabeth_thornton	20th-century women novelists
david_bezmozgis	canadian from
matthew_tobin_anderson	american american novelists
paul_dowswell	living people
alexander_prokhanov	russian writers
mike_leigh	english male
bill_nuss	place of birth
friedrich_von_sallet	german from
george_tabori	people from
peter_b._gillis	american from
nick_walters	living people
mike_barker_:producer	american television writers
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
alan_wrigley	australian of
byron_preiss	american from
marusya_klimova	romanian births
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
namwali_serpell	american people
al_milgrom	american comics
francesca_duranti	italian women
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
p._d._james	english of
charles_phillip_brown	indian writers
beno_zupančič	slovenian deaths
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
matt_reeves	american television
andy_lanning	year of birth
massimo_del_pizzo	living of fiction
adele_megann	21st-century women short
maría_lejárraga	polish male
alexander_zhitinsky	russian births
agata_tuszyńska	people deaths
mihail_șerban_:writer	romanian novelists
arthur_c.clarke	english from
michaeley_o'brien	living of birth
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
anuraadha_tewari	indian from
alaya_dawn_johnson	american women novelists
oliver_la_farge	american american
friedrich_märker	german from
herman_miller_:writer	american television
rasheed_amjad	people births
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
raymond_jean	french male
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
christopher_moeller	american from
andrés_del_corral	people births
gordon_stewart_anderson	canadian from
borys_hrinchenko	ukrainian deaths
alec_sulkin	american television writers
melinda_hammond	year of birth
ari_berk	american american novelists
michael_hanlon	people of
matt_reeves	american television
günter_wallraff	german births
andré_nemec	american television
gopal_mayekar	people writers
mindy_newell	american comics
ricky_lo	filipino people
alex_leslie	21st-century women novelists
agnes_strickland	19th-century women
brian_torrey_scott	people births
aidan_higgins	irish short
hryhorii_epik	ukrainian of
ningeokuluk_teevee	canadian from
baldev_mishra	telugu writers
elizabeth_deane	year of birth
amitava_kumar	american from
michael_rowe	american television writers
michael_collins_piper	american from
aaron_cohen_:counterterrorist	american births
david_laskin	american from
blanche_mcmanus	american american writers
howard_w.bergerson	american from
patrick_west	british of
frank_tuohy	english male
doina_ruști	romanian novelists
neal_thompson	living people
barbara_margaret_trimble	20th-century women novelists
moderata_fonte	italian women
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
robert_donston_stephenson	english births
chōhei_kambayashi	japanese japanese
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
anita_nair	20th-century indian
homen_borgohain	indian from
henry_marie_brackenridge	american deaths
oz_clarke	english births
don_dickinson	canadian canadian novelists
douglas_adams	english from
fernando_ponce_de_león	brazilian novelists
bruce_woolley	english births
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
miguel_m._abrahão	brazilian novelists
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
fernando_ponce_de_león	brazilian novelists
darren_greer	canadian from
mark_pryor_:author	american from
alison_weir	british of
patricia_grasso	21st-century women writers
gordon_snell	english of writers
edem_awumey	canadian canadian
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
garth_ennis	new of
a.m.homes	american american
arlynn_leiber_presser	american births
federico_hernández_de_león	guatemalan births
antónio_gonçalves_de_bandarra	portuguese births
alexandre_dumas	french french
claudia_dey	21st-century women novelists
edward_fox_:author	american from
imran_shah_:writer	asom from
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
michael_ferguson_:director	british television
edward_kay_:writer	canadian from
hermann_kant	german of
akshay_chandra_sharma	indian from
domingo_del_monte	austrian women
hugh_b.cave	english english
gert_hofmann	20th-century from
moira_kirland	american television writers
amy_yamada	japanese births
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
michael_reaves	american american novelists
henri_thomas	french french novelists
gong_sun-ok	south births
françoise_parturier	french women writers
marjorie_williams	american from
antónio_gonçalves_de_bandarra	portuguese births
ramalho_ortigão	people births
fatix_ämirxan	ukrainian deaths
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
pío_baroja	spanish births
pío_baroja	spanish births
hutton_gibson	american from
darren_greer	canadian from
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
harry_bernstein	american from
robert_aron	french deaths
david_bezmozgis	canadian from
alexander_chalmers	british writers
adel_karasholi	german births
nils_nordberg	norwegian norwegian writers
daniel_nester	american from
max_mckeown	living births
gerald_vizenor	american american
matthieu_ricard	french births
brendan_o'carroll	irish from
rebecca_skloot	american births writers
barry_michael_cooper	american of birth
nancy_cato	20th-century women
prabda_yoon	living people
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
mike_leigh	english male
art_edwards	american from
raja_rao	indian from
benjamin_ross	british male
miervaldis_birze	people deaths
richard_tomkins	british of
abdulah_sidran	bosnia and
agnes_sligh_turnbull	american from
charles_bock	american from
anna_seghers	german of
glória_perez	slovenian births
matthew_chojnacki	american births
ponsonby_ogle	english deaths
gita_mehta	indian from
claudia_casper	21st-century women short
mikhail_artsybashev	russian male
ian_watson_:author	people of novelists
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
hannah_more	english women
doug_palau	american television writers
hryhorii_epik	ukrainian of
claudia_casper	21st-century women short
garson_kanin	american male novelists
richard_jefferies	english births
panteleimon_romanov	russian short
anthony_sampson	english of
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
g.b.senanayake	20th-century lankan
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
peter_demant	russian male
pierrette_fleutiaux	french women writers
grace_lin	american women writers
rené_daumal	french french
baermann_of_limburg	german german
per_ahlmark	swedish of
christopher_rowley	american american novelists
david_mason_:writer	american american
mark_barrowcliffe	english births
nicholas_sparks	american american
norman_douglas	english of
hans_christian_adamson	american from
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
drago_jančar	slovenian from
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
anthony_c.west	people births
gleb_uspensky	russian male
peter_tieryas	american births
anatoly_kuznetsov	russian writers
augusto_do_rosário_rodrigues	20th-century male
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
abdullah_abdul_kadir	malaysian writers
marie_ferrarella	american women novelists
ng_yi-sheng	singaporean people
bijan_najdi	iranian short
george_burditt_:writer	american from
elisa_féliz	american of
david_astle	australian australian
barrie_jean_borich	21st-century women writers
go_osaka	japanese japanese
andrew_henderson_:writer	scottish births
daniil_mordovtsev	russian russian
dinakara_desai	indian from
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
daniel_t.thomsen	american television birth
fortune_feimster	american television
adam_skirving	people births
david_horowitz	american from
mary_lyons	living women
harlan_greene	american american
danny_casolaro	american from
chandradhar_barua	20th-century from
nik_welter	people births
helena_cobban	british of
helen_frost	american women writers
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
catherine_lacey_:author	american american
miriam_roth	american people
eleanor_zelliot	american deaths
chairman_butt	hong births
maria_belakhova	russian writers
alexandra_shimo	canadian canadian
michael_a._burstein	american american short
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
david_zuckerman	american television
arthur_nickson	19th-century births writers
robert_kirkman	american male
caroline_sascha_cogez	year of birth missing
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
nedžad_ibrišimović	bosnia and
bryan_j.l.glass	american comics writers
germain-françois_poullain_de_saint-foix	french deaths
paddy_richardson	21st-century zealand writers
gopal_mayekar	people writers
claude_joseph_dorat	french births writers
pradeep_sarkar	indian film
muriel_draper	american women
nicolás_gómez_dávila	chilean deaths
guy_hocquenghem	french french
mike_butterworth	english births novelists
andré_nemec	american television
oralkhan_bokeev	people deaths
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
clyde_bruckman	american film
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
emma_romeu	australian of
gerald_o'carroll	british of birth
erin_levy	american television birth
aqeel_abbas_jafari	pakistani births
daniel_espartaco_sánchez	syrian births
marguerite_abouet	living children's
anatoly_kasheida	ukrainian from
elspeth_cameron	canadian from
igor_mandić	croatian novelists
david_malouf	australian short
mike_edison	american of
pierre_ouellet	canadian canadian novelists
paul_cornell	english women
gustav_von_struensee	german male
helio_vera	male births
geoffrey_maloney	australian women writers
gertrude_bell	english of
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
cynthia_enloe	21st-century women writers
eleanor_mercein_kelly	american from
paul_collins_:fantasy_writer	australian people
andrew_collins_:broadcaster	english male
otto_rahn	people births
markus_zusak	australian from
gavin_james_bower	english births
p._t._deutermann	american from
bob_tarlau	american television
george_leonard	american from
nguyễn_quảng_tuân	living people
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
robert_olen_butler	american american
gail_simone	american comics
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
neli_kodrič	slovenian from
michel_basilières	canadian canadian novelists
david_vern_reed	american comics
ian_rankin	british of
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
gillian_mears	australian australian
everett_b.cole	american male short
david_friedrichsfeld	german deaths
a.m.homes	american american
mary_kay_zuravleff	american american
doina_ruști	romanian novelists
hubert_harrison	american of
florinda_donner	american from
antoinette_henriette_clémence_robert	french french
b.m.suhara	20th-century women
gene_luen_yang	american from
henry_clay_lewis	american from
patrick_califia	american from
bruce_bawer	american from
amy_sherman-palladino	american television writers
iain_levison	american levison
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
frederick_rolfe	english short
h.g.wells	english of
duncan_barrett	english educated
césar_aira	argentine births
dave_eggers	american american
philippe_delerm	21st-century french
barry_unsworth	english of
daniel_scott_:writer	american american novelists
adolph_freiherr_knigge	german deaths
richard_ford_:writer	english deaths
andy_borowitz	american from
agosti_xaho	french births
medo_pucić	serbian deaths
helena_araújo	21st-century short
david_rowley	year of birth
nagasubramanian_chokkanathan	indian indian
gary_victor	haitian dramatists
nigel_rodgers	english from
miklós_vámos	hungarian from
augustus_hare	english deaths
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
evan_solomon	canadian people
hans_ehrenbaum-degele	german deaths
darin_strauss	american american
margery_allingham	20th-century women novelists
nancy_holder	american women novelists
hilary_knight_:illustrator	american from
derek_drymon	american male
paul_goma	romanian essayists
nahum_benari	israeli jews
nancy_cato	20th-century women
mary_jo_pehl	american television
darril_fosty	canadian of
alessandro_piperno	italian births
hal_block	american from
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
eugie_foster	american american novelists
arthur_c.clarke	english from
feardorcha_ó_conaill	irish deaths
maría_de_los_ángeles_errisúriz	people births
paul_magrs	english science
arild_haga	norwegian births
melesina_trench	irish women
atrpet	armenian armenian
aglaia_kremezi	canadian births writers
maurice_joyeux	french deaths
marjorie_w._sharmat	american women writers
gilbert_lawford_dalton	british of
david_miller_:editor	year of birth missing
harut_sassounian	american deaths
carlos_ruiz-tagle	chilean deaths
mo_willems	american from
n._khelchandra_singh	indian from
paul_levinson	american american
emily_kai_bock	canadian from
hrvoje_hitrec	croatian novelists
christianna_brand	20th-century women novelists
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
eric_hansen_:travel_writer	american of birth
david_mcsavage	british of
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
masahiko_shimada	japanese japanese
edward_storey	people births
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
henry_kreisel	canadian male novelists
esther_seligson	mexican women
patricia_ryan_:author	american women novelists
edward_dicey	english deaths
peter_stanford	english births
beatríz_peniche_barrera	mexican women writers
brian_cleeve	irish from
evelyn_beatrice_hall	19th-century women writers
gary_paulsen	american american novelists
andre_dubus	american american novelists
patricia_pearson	canadian people
brenda_chapman_:writer	21st-century women novelists
margaret_larkin	american american
randy_boyagoda	canadian from
ed_vere	people of writers
david_astle	australian australian
mark_lund	american from
michael_kumpfmüller	german women
david_toussaint	american from
edmund_wilson	american from
arthur_arnould	french deaths
bergljot_hobæk_haff	20th-century women writers
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
günter_wallraff	german births
matt_bell_:author	american births
eulalie_spence	american american
dan_j.marlowe	american american novelists
mary_howard_:novelist	20th-century women novelists
maitreyi_pushpa	marc deaths was was a writer writer and
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
h.l.dusadh	indian from
marguerite_henry	american women novelists
regina_doman	21st-century women
paul_di_filippo	american american short
michael_köhlmeier	living people
eduard_limonov	russian male
barbara_cooney	american from
galina_shergova	recipients of
maria_doolaeghe	german births
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
henriette_gislesen	norwegian norwegian
india_grey	year of birth missing
philip_womack	british births
borys_hrinchenko	ukrainian deaths
benjamin_ross	british male
ben_jeapes	english births
harvey_sachs	chilean people
edith_bruck	20th-century women
carrie_snyder	canadian women novelists
alex_beam	american of
ashley_bryan	american from
marie_majerová	20th-century novelists
mark_blagrave	canadian canadian novelists
millôr_fernandes	brazilian dramatists
bert_sugar	american of writers
al_milgrom	american comics
patrick_richardson	british of
ian_mclachlan_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
montgomery_pittman	american from
clay_fulks	american deaths
alain_dorémieux	french french
fabien_vehlmann	french births
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
pingali_nagendrarao	indian from
monique_laederach	mexican from
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
guillermo_meneses	venezuelan births
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
michele_val_jean	american television writers
christine_brückner	german women
david_gurr	20th-century canadian novelists
bruno_lasker	american births
dan_goor	american television
fremont_rider	american from
bill_conall	canadian canadian
austin_hall_:writer	american american short
marlena_spieler	living people
george_mcleod_winsor	19th-century women
carl_phillips	american from
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
birgitta_trotzig	swedish from
eleanor_zelliot	american deaths
robert_kanigher	american comics
frédéric_mistral	19th-century french
henry_bordeaux	french deaths
elieshi_lema	american people
enrique_dussel	argentine from
nadya_larouche	canadian people
brendan_hay	american male
dr.seuss	american from
helen_corke	20th-century women
nan_chauncy	australian from
daniel_newman_:academic	british births
eddie_braben	english educated
caterina_albert	spanish births
mavor_moore	canadian male
mikhail_zhvanetsky	recipients of
amanda_kyle_williams	american women novelists
paul_theroux	american from
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
bernard_noël	french french novelists
rina_mimoun	american television writers
marie_hall_ets	american of
george_madden_martin	american women novelists
michael_fleisher	american comics
howard_junker	american from
alfredo_armas_alfonzo	venezuelan births
n._j._crisp	english english
olufemi_terry	people leonean novelists
anne_degrace	21st-century women writers
elizabeth_buchan	20th-century women novelists
christopher_nicole	20th-century women novelists
natsuhiko_kyogoku	japanese births
patricia_briggs	21st-century women novelists
brian_francis	canadian from
duncan_barrett	english educated
mehdi_khalaji	iranian births
gert_prokop	german male
evan_beloff	canadian television writers
rachakonda_viswanatha_sastry	indian from
edward_dicey	english deaths
amos_tutuola	20th-century births
alois_hotschnig	20th-century short
alexander_ross_:writer	people births
esther_seligson	mexican women
farley_mowat	canadian from
géza_csáth	hungarian deaths
andrew_hutchinson_:author	australian from
brenda_chapman	american film
donna_andrews_:author	american women novelists
oliveria_prescott	english deaths
david_ren	american from
marjorie_williams	american from
douglas_kent_hall	american from
mitch_cullin	american american
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
neal_thompson	living people
cherith_baldry	21st-century women novelists
gisèle_prassinos	20th-century women
rené_de_ceccatty	french french novelists
paul_reed_:writer	american american
eudora_welty	american american
nick_bernardone	american from
melinda_m._snodgrass	20th-century american novelists
patrick_deville	french french
pete_lacaba	filipino people
anne_coventry,_countess_of_coventry_:1673-1763	people women writers
olga_shapir	russian short
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
riichiro_inagaki	living people
rené_daumal	french french
patricia_maclachlan	american from novelists
gregor_collins	american from
andri_snær_magnason	people births
andrius_tapinas	lithuanian novelists
catherynne_m.valente	21st-century american novelists
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
philip_f._deaver	american from
hisham_matar	american of
críostóir_ó_floinn	people births
herminio_portell_vilá	puerto deaths
daniel_quinn	american american novelists
diana_hart	canadian people
gertrude_bell	english of
pamela_brooks	21st-century women novelists
michelle_olley	english births
alan_cheuse	american american short
george_madden_martin	american women novelists
per_jan_ingebrigtsen	norwegian births
guy_davenport	american american
nihal_atsız	turkish writers
feardorcha_ó_conaill	irish deaths
philip_rees	living children's
david_docherty	british of
alexander_yashin	ukrainian deaths
peter_seabrook	english educated
charmian_london	american from
david_shannon	american children's
george_nafziger	american from
alexander_neverov	russian male
mohammad-ja'far_pouyandeh	iranian writers
allan_sherman	american from
robert_l.washington_iii	american comics
pola_oloixarac	argentine births
paul_e_cooley	american american short
robert_boswell	american births
nguyễn_an_ninh	people deaths
antoni_maria_alcover_i_sureda	burmese births
rassundari_devi	bengali writers
guy_hocquenghem	french french
andrei_sinyavsky	soviet short
petra_hammesfahr	german women
faranak_margolese	american people
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
andy_borowitz	american from
mika_waltari	finnish births
mehdi_khalaji	iranian births
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
martyn_park	australian births
charles_fort	american american
nabarun_bhattacharya	indian of
gérard_de_villiers	french deaths
gourahari_das	indian from
beatrix_campbell	british of
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
maureen_howard	american american
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
milan_kundera	20th-century births
paula_broadwell	american from
giannina_braschi	american women
edgar_wallace	english male
project_itoh	norwegian births
matthew_robinson_:director	american people
henry_herbert,_3rd_earl_of_carnarvon	english of
abrar_alvi	indian film directors
dušan_šarotar	slovenian from
constance_lindsay_skinner	canadian from
garth_ennis	new of
paula_diperna	living people
michael_chamberlain	australian from
greg_olear	american from
holley_rubinsky	canadian women novelists
richard_leonard	people of
constantin_werner	german film
reginald_hill	english of
devananda_bharali	20th-century from
chris_maslanka	people of
beatrice_lamwaka	ugandan women
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
rob_grant	english of writers
richard_reeves_:british_author	british people
robert_m.pirsig	american from
edith_ellis	english women
anne_de_la_roche-guilhem	french women writers
ed_hale	american of writers
maurice_mierau	canadian from
reidar_thomassen	norwegian norwegian
margaret_potter	20th-century romantic novelists
meletius_smotrytsky	polish deaths
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
erik_oleson	american television writers
adolphe_stoeber	people deaths
hamid_tamjidi	iranian births
george_elliott_:canadian_writer	20th-century canadian novelists
michael_ruppert	american from
ramchandra_shripad_jog	people births
philippe_béha	canadian people
paul_cornell	english women
robert_lewis_shayon	american deaths
abdulla_shaig	ukrainian writers
alfred_machin_:writer	people of
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
blanca_de_lizaur	mexican women
dwayne_mcduffie	american comics
michael_j._arlen	american from
peter_gaffney	american people
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
anand_mahadevan	canadian from
erik_larsen	american comics
barry_took	english educated
debbie_barham	english educated
emerenz_meier	19th-century women
nancy_weber	21st-century women
anthony_bidulka	canadian canadian
maynah_lewis	20th-century romantic novelists
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
nikolay_karamzin	russian russian
ahmed_deedat	south african
charles_hamilton_:writer	british of
a.a.gill	british of
nicky_moey	singaporean people
phillip_margolin	american american
michael_gilbert	british of
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
bruno_lasker	american births
maurice_bladel	people births
geneviève_brisac	french french
myriam_joire	canadian births
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
anthony_burgess	english from
craig_hickman	american from
emily_smith_:author	21st-century women novelists
erik_davis	american births
david_wolstencroft	british of
dejan_medaković	serbian from
anthony_burgess	english from
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
es'kia_mphahlele	south african
ratnakar_chaini	living people
c.k.stead	new zealand
branislav_crnčević	serbian deaths
fredrika_bremer	swedish swedish
richard_moore_:comics	american comics
dorothy_nolte	american women
margaret_larkin	american american
mike_friedrich	american comics
nina_berberova	russian russian
peter_d.sieruta	marc births is is a writer writer and
faturananda	people from
elaine_sciolino	american of
francis_seow	singaporean of
douglas_haskell	american from
aldous_huxley	english from
michael_dooney	american of birth
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
margret_rey	german births
david_goodis	american american novelists
norman_borisoff	american male novelists
miguel_donoso_pareja	brazilian deaths
edmund_wilson	american from
caroline_franz	american television writers
gennifer_hutchison	american television writers
andrey_dikiy	russian russian
marc_cherry	michael j. is is american writer writer and
michael_carrington_:voice_actor	american television writers
parnell_hall_:writer	american american novelists
clifford_meth	american comics writers
pierre_béarn	french french
alice_borchardt	american women novelists
petru_cărare	moldovan writers
myke_cole	american american novelists
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
fabio_fiallo	dominican republic
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
augusto_monterroso	guatemalan short
monica_arac_de_nyeko	ugandan women
elizabeth_laime	american from
carla_gericke	american births
edem_awumey	canadian canadian
hans_ehrenbaum-degele	german deaths
christina_lauren	american women novelists
cynthia_harrod-eagles	21st-century women novelists
borys_hrinchenko	ukrainian deaths
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
asif_farrukhi	pakistani of
robert_mccrum	english of
panteleimon_kulish	ukrainian deaths
brett_johnson_:writer	american television writers
miles_franklin	20th-century women writers
georgia_byng	people of
paula_cwikly	american television writers
hilario_barrero	spanish male
adelaide_manning	english women writers
bob_paris	american from
francesco_alziator	italian births
carlo_fruttero	italian births
max_simon_ehrlich	american male novelists
camilla_läckberg	21st-century women
aleksey_chapygin	russian short
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
feodor_gladkov	russian male
andayya	indian writers
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
nicolás_gómez_dávila	chilean deaths
gangadhar_balkrushna_sardar	people deaths
norman_lowell	living births
hans_noever	german male
candace_fleming	american women writers
himani_bannerji	canadian of
daryn_tufts	american from
paco_ignacio_taibo_i	mexican from
alphie_mccourt	american from
marjorie_celona	21st-century women novelists
mia_couto	20th-century short
betty_jane_wylie	canadian from
christian_tămaș	romanian births
hiromi_kawakami	japanese births
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
ian_hamilton_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
eduard_vilde	estonian from
elmer_clifton	american male
andrés_useche	american births
andrea_bajani	italian births
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
monica_gesue	living comics
olga_shapir	russian short
mary_catherine_bateson	american births
mick_anglo	people births
adam_begley	american from
didier_leclair	canadian canadian novelists
bryan_gruley	american american novelists
patric_verrone	american from
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
bruce_marshall	people of
armas_äikiä	ukrainian deaths
nathaniel_peabody_rogers	american from
henri_pichette	french french
mohammad-reza_mahdavi_kani	people from
alexandra_levit	american births
rebecca_winters	american women novelists
elizabeth_j.braswell	american of birth
anthon_bang	norwegian deaths
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
daphne_phelps	british writers
daniel_aaron	american of
nicholas_sparks	american american
ralph_chaplin	american deaths
fahmida_riaz	pakistani of
dhanashree_halbe	filipino births
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
peter_s._fischer	american television
anne-pia_nygård	norwegian births
mikhail_alekseyev_:writer	recipients of
alison_weir	british of
omar_kureishi	pakistani of
cleolinda_jones	american from
herbert_leslie_gee	english births
carol_j.adams	american from
amber_benson	american women writers
caroline_fourest	21st-century from
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
gore_vidal	american from
debbie_moon	21st-century women writers
philip_ó_ceallaigh	irish women
robert_fisk	people of
mona_kent	american women writers
brent_weeks	american of novelists
andrey_dikiy	russian russian
mark_bowden	american from
glaydah_namukasa	ugandan women
george_nafziger	american from
donald_burgett	american of
ilka_stitz	german women
pat_brown_:criminal_profiler	american women writers
brian_floca	american of
allen_r.morris	american from
derek_kirk_kim	american from
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
elisabeth_axmann	romanian births
alexander_chee	american of novelists
hagar_wilde	american american novelists
doris_e.smith	20th-century women writers
mikhail_zagoskin	russian male
nick_joaquin	belgian births
hedwig_courths-mahler	20th-century women writers
richard_rodriguez	american from
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
adolphe_joanne	french deaths
arthur_j.rees	1859 births
mike_albo	american from
igor_guberman	russian male
al_weisel	american from
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
bernard_kangro	estonian deaths
anthony_simmons_:writer	english educated
antón_losada_diéguez	italian writers
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
ed_greenwood	dungeons game dragons
dan_harmon	american television
al_ewing	british births is
amanda_lohrey	20th-century women
ilana_mercer	canadian of
peter_gibbs_:cricketer	english educated
milo_dor	austrian male
richard_calder_:writer	21st-century short
curt_goetz	german male
edward_bloor	american american novelists
mel_tolkin	american male
george_geary_bennis	19th-century births
elizabeth_kent_:writer	people women writers
eric_liu	american from
aleksandar_hemon	american american
charles_perez	american from
patrick_white	australian short
ahmet_zappa	american male
barbara_bloom	american television writers
gail_z.martin	american women novelists
mark_richard	american from
mykhailo_yalovy	ukrainian deaths
richard_meredith_:author	english births
elsie_finnimore_buckley	english births
elsie_locke	new zealand
cecelie_berry	american of
margaret_landon	american from
bernard_maclaverty	scottish of
alan_sheridan	english births
qazi_anwar_hussain	bengali writers
michael_o'donoghue	american male
margarita_bobba	italian women death
david_carr_:journalist	american from
hamid_ekrem_šahinović	bosnia and
bushra_rahman	pakistani of
david_bergelson	russian writers
arno_surminski	german male
dejan_medaković	serbian from
nisi_shawl	american american novelists
parichay_das	indian women
christie_harris	canadian from
robert_byron	people of
helen_frost	american women writers
enrique_larreta	argentine births
david_j.bradley	american from
quim_monzó	spanish births
brett_borgen	norwegian women
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
arnulfo_trejo	american american
helen_weinzweig	canadian canadian novelists
maurice_gilliams	people from
bolwar_mahammad_kunhi	indian male
claire_keegan	21st-century short
adam_zameenzad	british of
eduard_limonov	russian male
hannah_lowe	british of
gyan_chand_jain	recipients writers
bogart_rogers	american from
erik_diesen	norwegian from
francis_seow	singaporean of
enrique_geenzier	venezuelan deaths
mary_robison	american american
herbert_achternbusch	german german
derek_benz	american american novelists
arnold_stadler	german women
mikhail_samarsky	russian births
g.a.kulkarni	indian from
philip_pullman	english of
a.s.gnanasambandan	indian writers
anthony_burgess	english from
norma_k._hemming	20th-century women writers
guido_gezelle	flemish from
france_bevk	slovenian from
gwendoline_butler	20th-century women novelists
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
geum_hee	south korean
avram_davidson	american american novelists
georges_simenon	20th-century from
elisabeth_hauptmann	20th-century women
emilio_salgari	italian male
robert_mccrum	english of
andrés_caicedo	male short
george_wyatt_:writer	english deaths
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
cleo_odzer	american births
mark_woods_:sportswriter	living of birth missing
mercedes_valdivieso	20th-century women
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
marguerite_abouet	living children's
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
martin_waddell	australian births
christopher_turner	british of
david_n.donihue	american male
richard_e._kim	american writers
gregg_bordowitz	american births
ann_major	american women novelists
alexander_mazin	russian births
andrás_szántó	people births
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
a.s.king	21st-century women novelists
alpha_rwirangira	living births
robert_poulet	belgian births
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
rob_neyer	american births
friedrich_christian_delius	german from
george_william_russell	irish deaths
anja_meulenbelt	dutch writers
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
holly_lang	american of birth
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
max_blecher	romanian novelists
n_prabhakaran	20th-century male
hovhannes_setian	armenian deaths
bill_odenkirk	american television
holly_black	american women novelists
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
pierre_ryckmans_:writer	21st-century births
edith_bruck	20th-century women
antonio_moresco	italian italian
hélène_lenoir	french women writers
alex_robinson	american from
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
d'arcy_mcnickle	american american
ilana_mercer	canadian of
nina_arkina	20th-century women writers
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
mehrab_ghasem_khani	living people
claudia_dey	21st-century women novelists
carrie_kemper	american television birth
diana_hamilton	women romantic fiction
robert_m.pirsig	american from
michael_shipley_:screenwriter	american people
diana_ossana	american television
pramatha_chaudhuri	bengali deaths
ottavia_vitagliano	italian italian
deborah_howe	american births
mary_francis_shura	american women novelists
mitch_berman	american american novelists
cyril_posthumus	marc posthumus was a
michael_ende	german women
henrietta_christian_wright	american children's
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
michael_j._weithorn	american television
dwight_macdonald	american from
françois_rabelais	french male
richard_levinson	american television
apuleius	2nd-century romans
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
ariel_levy	american american
cassie_stocks	canadian women novelists
matt_selman	american television writers
maxine_mcarthur	21st-century women writers
quentin_crisp	english male
g.k.chesterton	english male
perihan_mağden	turkish people
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
alois_jirásek	austrian births
frédéric_mistral	19th-century french
eileen_albrizio	american women
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
arthur_wyatt	british comics is
dwayne_wayans	american male
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
gary_shteyngart	american writers
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
dorothy_kilner	19th-century women writers
albert_dorrington	20th-century births
maude_kegg	american women writers
gilbert_king_:author	american from
piers_brendon	british of
chris_lang	english male
andrei_sinyavsky	soviet short
francesco_carotta	british births
carlo_collodi	italian italian
dorothy_nolte	american women
camilla_läckberg	21st-century women
are_kalvø	norwegian births
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
ngan_xuyen	spanish births
martín_caparrós	argentine births
gunning_s.bedford	american deaths
georges_limbour	french deaths
norma_k._hemming	20th-century women writers
barbara,_lady_stephen	english women writers
n._richard_nash	american male novelists
dave_jeser	american television writers
michelle_mclean	living universe
i.k.k.menon	indian indian
rasheed_amjad	people births
friedrich_von_sallet	german from
nazir_ahmad_dehlvi	indian from
richard_newman_:broadcaster	lgbt male
pola_gojawiczyńska	polish from
robert_harling_:writer	american male
apuleius	2nd-century romans
mitradev_mahanta	indian from
ellis_marcus	american television writers
risto_ahti	mexican writers
allister_sparks	south african
camilla_cederna	italian women
rich_johnston	year of birth
claire_mackay	canadian from
hélène_lenoir	french women writers
edwin_monroe_bacon	american deaths
meredith_averill	american television
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
paula_cwikly	american television writers
david_a.adler	american from
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
muhammed_bozdağ	turkish people
michel_onfray	french french
christopher_paul_baker	people of
harry_hodgkinson_:writer	english of
andrea_ashworth	english women
aidan_higgins	irish short
alexander_kazantsev	russian births
dorothy_mackie_low	20th-century of novelists
mary_hobson	english births
miha_mazzini	slovenian from
fern_shumate	american deaths
philip_k._dick	american american
evan_solomon	canadian people
erica_ehm	canadian from
giorgio_faletti	italian births
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
christopher_g.moore	canadian from
p._m._taj	indian male
andré_breton	french deaths
eliáš_galajda	people writers
matilda_hays	19th-century women
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
marguerite_j._gascoigne	20th-century women novelists
aziz_nesin	turkish births
helen_van_pelt_wilson	american from
mario_giordano_:writer	living women
františek_sláma_:politician	finnish births
ilana_mercer	canadian of
doug_murray_:comics	american comics writers
greg_kasavin	american from
barry_oakley	australian australian
matt_bullen	english births
alice_borchardt	american women novelists
michel_rodange	people births
montague_haltrecht	english from
glendon_swarthout	american american
ari_berk	american american novelists
ghada_al-samman	syrian writers
robert_m.pirsig	american from
dr.seuss	american from
eric_marcus	american from
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
alexis_wright	australian women
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
emine_semiye_önasya	turkish writers
ann_c.crispin	american women novelists
norman_lear	american from
claudia_dey	21st-century women novelists
marie_rudisill	american births
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
norman_rush	american american novelists
efraim_medina_reyes	colombian short
michiko_nagai	japanese japanese writers
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
grainne_godfree	american television writers
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
midori_:author	american from
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
nguyễn_an_ninh	people deaths
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
maria_stona	20th-century women
bernard_assiniwi	canadian from
mika_waltari	finnish births
curtis_roosevelt	american from
elbert_hubbard	american from
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
ahmet_zappa	american male
bill_kaysing	american births
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
marion_bloem	21st-century women
gertrude_barrows_bennett	american american fiction
p._m._taj	indian male
florence_noiville	french french
edwin_charles_tubb	20th-century births novelists
bhudev_mukhopadhyay	bengali from
christine_boylan	american television writers
brad_gooch	american from
alexandre_dumas	french french
brian_michael_bendis	american from
ernest_kinoy	american from
richard_mccann	american from
mile_markovski	people deaths
mary_hoffman	21st-century women novelists
artur_augusto_da_silva	cape verdean
devin_k.grayson	american comics
alain_jouffroy	french french
robert_donston_stephenson	english births
ante_kovačić	people deaths
giannina_braschi	american women
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
imre_vallyon	people zealand
a.a.gill	british of
helene_voigt-diederichs	20th-century women
andrea_heuser	german women
nor_sanavongsay	american people
eugène_mouton	french male
beno_zupančič	slovenian deaths
christopher_moore_:author	american american novelists
alvin_toffler	american from
guðbergur_bergsson	norwegian births
henry_jones_:writer	english births
cathy_williams	women of fiction
charles_willeford	american from
nick_joaquin	belgian births
albert_ayguesparse	belgian deaths
alison_dolling	australian from
david_benedictus	english births
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
charles_exbrayat	20th-century french novelists
musa_haji_ismail_galal	indonesian deaths
hanan_qassab_hassan	syrian of
alanda_kariza	indonesian births
rob_roberge	year of birth
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
helen_conrad	american women novelists
nordahl_rolfsen	norwegian births
alex_haley	american from
dhrubajyoti_bora	indian from
fabian_nicieza	living from
benjamin_demott	american from
catherine_mary_macsorley	irish women
frederick_townsend_martin	people births
hella_haasse	20th-century women
dorothy_cannell	american from
arun_joshi	indian writers
robert_dean_frisbie	american from
mavor_moore	canadian male
al-saddiq_al-raddi	living births
peter_s._fischer	american television
diana_morgan_:writer	year of birth missing
grant_faulkner	american of writers
esther_seligson	mexican women
margaret_bennett_:writer	21st-century of
maurice_constantin-weyer	french french
clifford_lindsey_alderman	american american novelists
hilary_knight_:illustrator	american from
anne_gregg	people births
charles_gramlich	american american short
evgenia_tur	russian short
alan_coleman	australian births
robert_eagle_:filmmaker	british births
maurice_halperin	american from
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
aida_gonzález	20th-century women writers
andrzej_sapkowski	20th-century short
penny_busetto	south african writers
atiq_rahimi	french births
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
n._mohanan	indian male
andrew_collins_:broadcaster	english male
florinda_donner	american from
grace_paley	american american
bi_feiyu	people women
barly_baruti	people deaths
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
alexander_grin	russian male
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
deric_longden	english deaths
anna_bartlett_warner	american from
carla_desantis_black	american from
morten_piil	living births
michael_james_nelson	living people
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
gordon_russell_:writer	american television
bernd_brunner	german women
don_novello	american male
mikhail_zhvanetsky	recipients of
gordon_lish	american american novelists
hanne_ørstavik	21st-century women writers
hovik_vardoumian	armenian deaths
charles_hugh_smith	american births
orson_spencer	american from
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
piers_brendon	british of
henry_clark_barlow	english male
philip_kreiner	canadian canadian novelists
aaron_peck	canadian from
neal_shusterman	american american novelists
michele_val_jean	american television writers
ernest_thompson	american from
mervyn_wall	irish irish
eric_dando	australian short story
nancy_french	american women writers
maurice_halperin	american from
henry_james	american male
dennis_kelly	english male
mario_soldati	italian births
eshkol_nevo	israeli births
harriet_fier	american of birth
petre_popa	living people
andrea_jutson	21st-century women novelists
albert_ghica	people births
giancarlo_magalli	italian births
emily_newell_blair	american from
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
meredith_haaf	german women writers
nicholas_kollerstrom	british people
moinul_ahsan_saber	bangladeshi people
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
peary_chand_mitra	bengali writers
caleb_garling	american from
heinz_pototschnig	people deaths
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
peter_lovesey	english short
charlotte_dean	american from writers
abraham_brumberg	israeli writers
ewa_białołęcka	21st-century women fiction
douglas_kenney	american from
diwakar_krushna_kelkar	malaysian births
robert_gernhardt	german german
marjana_gaponenko	mexican women
aleksandar_hemon	american american
barbara_paul	american american novelists
ayako_fujitani	japanese births
paul_levitz	american comics
angelika_schrobsdorff	german german
g.herbert_sallans	canadian canadian novelists
radovan_ivšić	croatian novelists
connie_booth	american from
amanda_havard	american women novelists
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
oh_takbeon	living births
henry_marie_brackenridge	american deaths
araceli_ardón	mexican women
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
mary_philadelphia_merrifield	19th-century women
rachel_axler	american television birth
howard_chaykin	american from
gideon_joubert	south african
max_picard	german births
ramaranjan_mukherji	indian writers
edmond_fleg	french french
aleksander_świętochowski	polish from
rené_hausman	people births
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
colin_wilson	english english
mike_greenly	american births
christiane_koren	norwegian norwegian writers
denis_tillinac	french male
mary_noailles_murfree	american women writers
alberto_fuguet	american births
gerald_mcmorrow	british film
alyson_richman	american of novelists
dorothy_carrington	people of
freeman_h.hubbard	american births
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
henri_patin	19th-century french
connie_glaser	american from
alan_dean_foster	american american novelists
gordon_russell_:writer	american television
abed_elrahim_abu_zakrra	20th-century deaths
nancy_phelan	20th-century women
dennis_spooner	english births
rift_fournier	american television
guido_gezelle	flemish from
adalbert_stifter	german german
carla_lane	english from
ed_vere	people of writers
mike_carlin	american comics
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
e.m.granger_bennett	canadian canadian novelists
oliveria_prescott	english deaths
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
patricia_wrightson	australian women
henry_kreisel	canadian male novelists
mary_ann_kilner	19th-century women writers
denis_gifford	british writers
a.l.rees	british writers
hovhannes_setian	armenian deaths
bertram_brooker	canadian from
alfred_andersch	german of
craig_rosebraugh	american births
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
minfong_ho	living people
alain_leroy_locke	american from
michael_scott_:irish_author	irish irish
boris_pahor	people of
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
hagop_oshagan	armenian deaths
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
ajit_cour	indian writers
pierre_ouellet	canadian canadian novelists
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
hossein_sanapour	iranian births
aurelian_silvestru	moldovan writers
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
azariah_southworth	american from
don_l.johnson	american from
marjorie_gross	canadian from
rift_fournier	american television
celeste_ng	american from of
elsie_johansson	swedish women
nigel_rodgers	english from
gregg_easterbrook	american from
paco_ignacio_taibo_ii	mexican from
ehsan_masood	british of
gyan_chand_jain	recipients writers
marie_phillips	living births
bruce_cassiday	american births
annie_lee_rees	new zealand
dave_thompson_:author	british births
emma_romeu	australian of
carlo_collodi	italian italian
nikephoros_i_of_constantinople	byzantine of
emily_smith_:author	21st-century women novelists
farah_mohamed_jama_awl	people from
r._w._bradford	american from
e.vasu	indian indian
angus_reach	19th-century deaths
bret_hart	canadian from
balduin_möllhausen	german deaths
philip_k._dick	american american
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
natasha_arthy	living births
akif_pirinçci	german from
eryue_he	pakistani births
anders_fager	living births
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
myriam_joire	canadian births
daniela_dahn	german german
brian_burland	people births
rafael_pérez_y_pérez	spanish spanish
dayal_padmanabhan	indian film
mikhail_dostoyevsky	russian russian
hovhannes_tumanyan	armenian armenian
herta_huber	german from
colin_wilson	english english
imran_shah_:writer	asom from
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
dorothy_fowler	20th-century women writers
ralph_andrews_barry	american from
armas_äikiä	ukrainian deaths
hortensia_blanch_pita	mexican women writers
dionis_bubani	albanian albanian
guy_du_fresnay	french male
patrick_casey_:writer	american male
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
michael_j._sullivan_:author	american american novelists
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
norman_lear	american from
max_crawford_:writer	american from
mikiel_anton_vassalli	people deaths
daniele_bolelli	american male
ernesto_sabato	argentine births
fernando_sabino	brazilian novelists
miguel_m._abrahão	brazilian novelists
nirmal_verma	indian from
charles_perez	american from
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
philippe_besson	21st-century from
gennifer_choldenko	american women novelists
meher_ramesh	indian film
cho_seon-jak	south korean
nic_kelman	american male
meredith_bagby	american births writers
richard_holloway	scottish of
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
gilbert_collard	french male
rictor_norton	american from
nina_george	german women
robert_sharoff	american people writers
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
c.j.stevens	american american
c.s.chellappa	indian indian
marie_sophie_schwartz	19th-century births
doug_naylor	english of
hari_krishna_devsare	indian writers
bill_mantlo	american comics
elyse_gasco	canadian canadian novelists
martin_andersen_nexø	danish births
nevenka_petrić	turkish writers
alain_dorémieux	french french
harry_grey	american american novelists
nahum_benari	israeli jews
charles_phillip_brown	indian writers
doug_palau	american television writers
philip_f._deaver	american from
hossein_mortezaeian_abkenar	iranian births
daniel_lipman	american of birth
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
gurdial_singh	indian from
carlo_grande_:writer	italian births writers
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
mary_s._lovell	living people
beka_kurkhuli	people births
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
besnik_mustafaj	people male
clifford_ball	american male short
masha_tupitsyn	living people
paul_reboux	french male
buddhadeb_guha	bengali writers
francisco_xavier_da_cruz	cape verdean
francis_birrell	irish births
alexandre_dumas	french french
alain_jouffroy	french french
davor_domazet-lošo	turkish writers
michelle_izmaylov	american women novelists
rie_cramer	dutch births
edgar_wallace	english male
nicholas_rankin	english births
claude_faraggi	french births
hwang_sun-won	20th-century births
harry_b.smith	american from
muzi_epifani	20th-century women
alice_chetwynd_ley	english romantic
rick_rofihe	canadian canadian novelists
gloria_lisé	argentine argentine
margo_glantz	mexican women
marion_chesney	21st-century women fiction
georges_cogniot	french deaths
htin_gyi	burmese from
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
elaine_sciolino	american of
hamid_tamjidi	iranian births
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
pablo_illanes	chilean births
achille_campanile	italian male
donna_andrews_:author	american women novelists
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
amber_benson	american women writers
meg_jayanth	year of birth
mary_downing_hahn	21st-century women novelists
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
colin_thompson	english births
nik_welter	people births
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
nancy_cato	20th-century women
aliki_theofilopoulos_grafft	american births
carl_solomon	american american
hwang_jung-eun	south births
noy_holland	american from
ernst_heilborn	german german
alex_robinson	american from
george_macovescu	romanian from
andrew_kaufman	canadian of birth
adolph_freiherr_knigge	german deaths
elaine_sciolino	american of
giulio_angioni	italian italian
diriye_osman	alumni from
anders_fager	living births
raquel_verdesoto	ecuadorian deaths
pablo_illanes	chilean births
maria_agnès_ribera_garau	19th-century women writers
nancy_kress	american american novelists
david_safier	german male
gideon_defoe	british births novelists
henry_stephens_salt	english of
rabina_khan	british of
bill_arp	american from
ningeokuluk_teevee	canadian from
david_docherty	british of
david_bergman_:american_writer	american male
harold_bell_wright	american from
evan_dunsky	american television writers
margaret_geddes	australian births
michitsuna_no_haha	10th-century births
harold_preece	american from
qustaki_al-himsi	ottoman deaths
colin_mcloughlin	year of is
adam_schefter	american from
riichiro_inagaki	living people
michael_j._rosen	american male
pierre_decourcelle	french french
dan_guterman	american of writers
don_novello	american male
muhammed_bozdağ	turkish people
i.marlene_king	american television
christopher_levett	english deaths
e.nelson_bridwell	american comics
edward_fox_:author	american from
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
daniel_f.galouye	american american novelists
dale_carnegie	american from
arjun_singh_sethi	american of
arimasa_osawa	japanese japanese
douglas_a.blackmon	american from
marianne_csaky	writers from
d.v.narasa_raju	people births
abdul_aziz_said	american of birth
besnik_mustafaj	people male
enrique_geenzier	venezuelan deaths
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
martha_walker_freer	19th-century births
matthew_quick	american from novelists
brett_halliday	american american
paula_broadwell	american from
benigna_marie_of_reuss-ebersdorf	portuguese births
michael_j._arlen	american from
david_pescovitz	american of birth
alasdair_gray	british of
diana_abgar	people from
george_pérez	american comics
p._kalaimani	date deaths
eduardo_acevedo_díaz	latvian births
christine_whelan	american births
nick_davis_:television_and_movie_producer	american television writers
dave_godfrey	canadian from
rawi_hage	canadian women
david_whitley	people of
rituparna_basu	living from
nastaran_ahmadi	american from
om_raut	indian births
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
adam_niswander	american american short
aaron_paquette	canadian from
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
beka_kurkhuli	people births
pilín_león	living births
daniel_sinapius-horčička	slovak births
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
david_safier	german male
diane_messina_stanley	american television writers
nagen_saikia	indian indian
henry_joseph_monck_mason	people births
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
gorō_masaki	japanese births
clara_louisa_wells	american women writers
blanche_mcmanus	american american writers
bruce_bawer	american from
mike_reiss	american television writers
choi_in-hun	south korean
archie_goodwin_:comics	american age
michael_lind	american from
hugh_sebag-montefiore	british births
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
robert_calvert	south african
margarete_kollisch	20th-century women
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
cornelius_eady	american american
masaki_tsuji	japanese births
mikey_walsh	english births
deborah_tall	american women
boris_vasilyev_:writer	russian male
gerald_clarke_:author	american from
achy_obejas	american american
richard_cobbold	english deaths
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
miguel_m._abrahão	brazilian novelists
alison_bauld	irish deaths
mykola_kulish	ukrainian from
diana_e.h.russell	south african
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
richard_zenith	mexican women
p._sivakami	living writers
petru_cărare	moldovan writers
maxime_du_camp	french french
graham_salisbury	american from
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
heike_brandt	german women writers
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
eleanor_coerr	canadian women writers
paul_hoffman_:business_writer	american from
monique_polak	canadian women writers
marguerite_henry	american women novelists
eleanor_wachtel	canadian of
gore_vidal	american from
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
meera_nanda	living women
gen_urobuchi	japanese births
diego_de_torres_villarroel	spanish births
hilda_nickson	20th-century women novelists
al_weisel	american from
george_saunders	american from
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
graeme_davis_:game_designer	video comics
petina_gappah	australian women
frances_paige	21st-century women novelists
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
frieda_friedman	american children's
p._david_hornik	american people
richard_rive	20th-century african
marjorie_gross	canadian from
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
owen_o'neill	australian of writers
bohumil_hrabal	austrian births
hemchandra_barua	asom from
carmen_dolores	brazilian women
michael_shermer	american from
astrid_roemer	surinamese births
angelina_acuña	20th-century women
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
brian_trench	british births
margret_kopala	canadian from
augusten_burroughs	lgbt from
giani_dhanwant_singh_sital	people deaths
mary_stocks,_baroness_stocks	19th-century deaths
nodar_dumbadze	20th-century novelists
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
pete_brown_:writer	british of
olga_shapir	russian short
rita_mae_brown	american american
n._khelchandra_singh	indian from
hamid_khan_:lawyer	pakistani births
hans_joachim_alpers	german births
margret_rey	german births
colin_mcnaughton	english of
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
géza_bereményi	hungarian male
anton_schnack	german german
adrian_cristobal	people births
pyotr_polevoy	russian writers
nick_twinamatsiko	ugandan women
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
david_bezmozgis	canadian from
colum_mccann	american from
davida_wills_hurwin	american of birth
danielle_trussoni	american from
ferdinand_brunetière	french deaths
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
pablo_illanes	chilean births
matthew_leutwyler	american births
migdalia_cruz	american of birth
bill_arp	american from
frank_schätzing	german births
matthew_quick	american from novelists
gilles-françois_de_beauvais	1693 births
coleman_jacoby	american from
greg_garrett_:writer	american of
nat_gertler	american comics
paolo_tullio	irish writers
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
helena_araújo	21st-century short
nelson_algren	american american
arthur_bedford_:writer	people of
mirza_adeeb	pakistani from
heidi_w.durrow	american american
florencio_varela_:writer	albanian male
naa_someswara	indian people
pierre_decourcelle	french french
beatrix_campbell	british of
april_blair	american television writers
hilton_als	american of
mathilde_schjøtt	norwegian norwegian
doug_murray_:comics	american comics writers
chirlane_mccray	american of
brian_andreas	american american
david_garnett	20th-century short
norbert_blei	american american novelists
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
deviprasad_dwivedi	indian writers
peter_stanford	english births
mykola_khvylovy	ukrainian deaths
alaya_dawn_johnson	american women novelists
martin_andersen_nexø	danish births
martin_walser	german from
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
hailji	south births
gayl_jones	20th-century women
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
rachel_manley	canadian women writers
marie_kohler	american from
henrik_pontoppidan	ecuadorian deaths
philip_o'connor	british deaths
festus_iyayi	nigerian births
richard_jefferies	english births
adrien_rouquette	people deaths
drew_denbaum	american male
harry_cross_:sportswriter	american from
felipe_mellizo	spanish male
michael_harris_:editor	canadian canadian
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
graham_hancock	british writers
michaeley_o'brien	living of birth
paul_s._newman	american comics
michael_woods_:comics	american of birth
ben_sherwood	american from
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
algernon_blackwood	english of
mary_cappello	american of
amos_oz	israeli novelists
qiu_jin	people births
greg_kot	american from
david_albahari	serbian novelists
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
andrus_kivirähk	venezuelan deaths
david_wingrove	english births
ndyakira_amooti	year of
nathuram_premi	indian deaths
andré_breton	french deaths
aurora_levins_morales	american american
bernie_s.siegel	american from
doron_medalie	israeli people
cea_sunrise_person	canadian from
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
brandon_jones_:singer	hong births
george_wilbur_peck	american from
ben_t.elliott	american births
daína_chaviano	20th-century women
maude_kegg	american women writers
aleksander_świętochowski	polish from
betty_neels	20th-century women novelists
herbert_achternbusch	german german
chris_stedman	american from
david_milofsky	american american short
michel_basilières	canadian canadian novelists
philip_kreiner	canadian canadian novelists
david_williams_:author	american of birth
bert_sugar	american of writers
ana_maria_machado	brazilian women
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
corín_tellado	spanish women
edward_sims_van_zile	american from
cornelia_meigs	american american
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
erik_lie_:writer	norwegian norwegian
rich_wilson_:journalist	english of
ahmed_ismail_samatar	saudi arabian
michael_a.burstein	american naradof is is an american writer writer and and
massimo_carlotto	italian births
fernando_ponce_de_león	brazilian novelists
allen_barnett_:writer	american from
blair_mastbaum	lgbt american
michael_g._coney	20th-century births novelists
michael_carroll_:author	living women
david_patrick_:writer	people births
henry_liu	20th-century from
mavor_moore	canadian male
abdul_hameed_:writer	pakistani from
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
dmitry_gorchakov	russian male
punaloor_balan	indian from
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
gail_gibbons	american of writers
morgan_bell	australian from
dawn_lambertsen_kelly	american television birth
naomi_novik	american american novelists
ellen_davitt	australian women
igor_mandić	croatian novelists
alexandra_sellers	american of birth
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
charles_étienne_brasseur_de_bourbourg	french french
anton_rønneberg	norwegian norwegian
derek_drymon	american male
nathan_shaham	israeli novelists
claude_mckay	people people
george_jonas	canadian from
akira_yoshimura	japanese births
christopher_mckitterick	american american short
doug_levitt	american births
nikolay_karamzin	russian russian
beverly_swerling	american women novelists
charles_quentin_fernie_pope	new zealand
purushottam_agrawal	living people
phil_klay	american from
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
bruce_bawer	american from
richard_newman_:broadcaster	lgbt male
nugroho_notosusanto	people novelists
h.g.carrillo	american american
martha_stephens	american film
anton_van_wilderode	flemish belgian
allie_bates	american women novelists
eudora_welty	american american
abdullah_abu_sayeed	bangladeshi of
rina_brundu	italian women writers
george_macovescu	romanian from
dox_:poet	20th-century deaths
henri_nathansen	male male
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
hemchandra_barua	asom from
oh_jung-hee	living births
chad_harbach	american american
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
annabelle_white	new zealand writers
patricia_pearson	canadian people
gary_lachman	american from
matt_charlton	living of
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
melissa_harris-perry	american from
gay_caswell	syrian of is
dahlia_lithwick	canadian of birth
david_graziano	american television writers
al_milgrom	american comics
gotthold_gloger	german german
naa_someswara	indian people
abel_meeropol	american deaths
diego_de_valera	spanish births
antal_stašek	19th-century of
motohiko_izawa	japanese japanese
dino_stamatopoulos	american television
aung_thin	burmese births
arthur_morrison	english english
hitonari_tsuji	japanese births
denis_johnson	american american
giorgio_nadali	italian births
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
phyllis_krasilovsky	american from
anthony_eaton	australian australian novelists
peter_rühmkorf	german from
imran_shah_:writer	asom from
andy_hamilton_:author	british births
hubert_crackanthorpe	english short
eleanor_updale	british of
r._chandru	indian film
boris_glinsky	russian deaths
olle_länsberg	20th-century births
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
peter_ocko	american television writers
dionysius_lardner	people births
cathi_unsworth	women women novelists
henry_herbert,_3rd_earl_of_carnarvon	english of
boris_aprilov	polish from
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
ananda_chandra_barua	indian from
r._c._lehmann	people of
fernando_sabino	brazilian novelists
amanda_havard	american women novelists
alfred_jarry	french french
carl_potts	american comics
hannah_more	english women
nick_dear	english male
gary_lachman	american from
aquiles_nazoa	venezuelan from
andrew_foley_:writer	year of birth
afdlin_shauki	malaysian deaths
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
daína_chaviano	20th-century women
andy_hartnell	american of birth
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
harriot_eaton_stanton_blatch	american from
andy_bobrow	american television writers
günther_krupkat	german male
martina_cole	english births
hōmei_iwano	japanese births
edgar_valter	people deaths
gianfranco_clerici	italian male
martiros_of_crimea	year of birth
ali-akbar_sa'idi_sirjani	iranian deaths
d.v.narasa_raju	people births
angeliki_palli	italian italian
mirosław_nahacz	polish male
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
ilka_stitz	german women
george_woodcock	canadian from
david_mason_:writer	american american
brian_wood_:comics	american comics
charles-louis_havas	french male
raghab_bandyopadhyay	living people
douglas_adams	english from
bohdan_pawłowicz	israeli deaths
else_ury	german deaths
adrienne_monson	american women novelists
eva_norvind	norwegian women
cathy_park_hong	american from
michael_yon	american from
edith_pattou	american women novelists
maria_rosseels	belgian belgian
elizabeth_arnold_:children's_writer	english births
franco_scaglia	italian italian
flavio_alves	american from
hamlet_bareh	indian from
ed_hale	american of writers
olwen_wymark	american from
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
ian_david	australian births
milly_witkop	german births
quentin_lee	canadian from
nikolay_nosov	soviet male
dmytro_dontsov	ukrainian deaths
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
bill_lee_:author	american from
marita_fossum	21st-century norwegian novelists
carolyn_males	american women novelists
avasarala_ramakrishna_rao	indian indian
agnishekhar	indian writers
abby_mann	american television
neil_tolkin	canadian of birth
octavio_paz	mexican women
elizabeth_oldfield	year of birth missing
merch_bradt_stewart	american from
rob_grant	english of writers
raif_badawi	saudi arabian
miha_mazzini	slovenian from
richard_titlebaum	american american
margaret_sweatman	canadian from
mariangelo_accorso	italian encyclopaedia
meghan_clyne	american of birth
carla_gericke	american births
pandit_narendra_sharma	indian from
marianne_farningham	british deaths
may_cutler	canadian women
daniel_krige	australian television
anja_meulenbelt	dutch writers
borys_hrinchenko	ukrainian deaths
alcante	people births
célestine_hitiura_vaite	21st-century women
fred_reed	american from
anton_van_wilderode	flemish belgian
grant_morrison	people of
mikhail_artsybashev	russian male
amos_oz	israeli novelists
ebrahim_al-arrayedh	people deaths
gunnel_vallquist	swedish swedish
arnulfo_trejo	american american
mateo_frazier	american births
richard_leviton	living births
michael_duffy_:australian_journalist	australian people
eric_overmyer	american television
peter_stone	american from
martin_kihn	american university
chi_li	people births
adam_warren_:comics	american comics
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
georges_polti	french deaths
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
dr.seuss	american from
mervyn_peake	english from
david_charles_manners	british writers
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
grace_paley	american american
amanda_kyle_williams	american women novelists
fred_golan	american television birth
fazil_iskander	russian short
félix_luna	argentine births
adam_muto	american television
annette_lapointe	canadian women
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
gustav_falke	german from
pascal_bruckner	french french
patrick_lapeyre	french french
meredith_sue_willis	american women novelists
brian_cooke	british of
frédéric_martel	french births
e.m.ashraf	indian from kerala
henri_queffélec	french male
netta_syrett	english english
heidi_w.durrow	american american
alan_e.nourse	american american short
mike_scully	american television writers
cylin_busby	american of
bengt_frithiofsson	australian births
anna_blaman	20th-century women
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
harikumar_:director	indian of birth
harry_browne	american from
mervyn_peake	english from
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
graham_swift	english male
philip_tinari	american people
ben_stein	american male
aldous_huxley	english from
františek_sláma_:politician	finnish births
antonio_skármeta	chilean jews
robert_damon_schneck	year of birth
nathan_shaham	israeli novelists
nikolay_karamzin	russian russian
margret_rey	german births
dorothy_kilner	19th-century women writers
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
edwin_monroe_bacon	american deaths
rae_earl	english women
alain_robbe-grillet	french french
piri_thomas	american american
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
rafael_garcía_serrano	spanish male
maria_kuncewiczowa	people births
constantin_stamati	people from
ahmed_baba_miské	mauritanian deaths
byrna_barclay	canadian from
mary_daheim	american women novelists
aaron_mcgruder	american from
massimo_carlotto	italian births
gerald_o'carroll	british of birth
elizabeth_korte	american television writers
derrick_white_:politician	people of
ernie_hart	american comics
bolwar_mahammad_kunhi	indian male
hélène_rioux	canadian women
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
margi_preus	american women writers
hans_christian_adamson	american from
phillips_lord	american from
alex_haley	american from
martha_rofheart	american women novelists
eugen_kumičić	croatian novelists
mick_jackson_:author	english births
harry_browne	american from
didi_menosi	israeli jews
evelyn_beatrice_hall	19th-century women writers
diane_carey	american women novelists
mervyn_peake	english from
flora_kidd	20th-century women novelists
murray_boltinoff	american comics
ragnar_frislid	norwegian norwegian
omar_ben_salem	people births
christian_gudegast	year of birth missing
patricia_gaffney	21st-century women novelists
chandra_prasad_saikia	indian from
henry_bond	english births
aaron_cohen_:counterterrorist	american births
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
august_mälk	estonian deaths
emilio_carrere	spanish male
craig_wayans	american male
matthew_pitts	american television writers
herman_pieter_de_boer	dutch deaths
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
pingali_nagendrarao	indian from
richard_e._kim	american writers
rawi_hage	canadian women
rick_ungar	american male
hilda_nickson	20th-century women novelists
glenn_ficarra	american of birth
david_samuels_:writer	american births
matt_clark_:writer	american american short
barbara_love	american women writers
donald_goines	american from
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
ignace_lepp	french deaths
gyles_brandreth	english of
mimi_leahey	american television writers
renee_roszel	21st-century women novelists
plum_johnson	canadian canadian writers
david_safier	german male
barrie_jean_borich	21st-century women writers
gerald_clarke_:author	american from
hugo_blick	english male
patrick_white	australian short
hart_hanson	american television writers
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
hava_volovich	russian writers
bob_shaw	20th-century from fiction
nicolas_billon	canadian canadian novelists
alan_fennell	british births
alfredo_armas_alfonzo	venezuelan births
paul_h._bruske	american deaths
morris_lurie	australian australian
nina_george	german women
ponsonby_ogle	english deaths
begum_rokeya	20th-century from
peter_weiss	german from
rasul_rza	azerbaijani from
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
michael_berz	living people
audre_lorde	american american
francis_foster_barham	english births
dakshinaranjan_mitra_majumder	bengali writers
ed_hale	american of writers
mark_waid	american comics
charlotte_elizabeth_tonna	english women writers
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
pieter_aspe	belgian births
norman_wong	american of
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
anna_bartlett_warner	american from
heather_elizabeth_apple	canadian women writers
adam_hamdy	english births
robert_musil	20th-century women
christopher_dow_:author	american male
adolf_brand	german deaths
catherine_lucy_innes	new zealand writers
ewa_nowak	indonesian births
denis_thériault	canadian from
qazi_anwar_hussain	bengali writers
bill_ransom	american american short
dayton_duncan	american male
michael_lemonick	american people
dave_eggers	american american
henry_theodore_tuckerman	american american
gudlavalleti_chalapati_rao	indian from
furman_bisher	american from
nicole_dubuc	american television
meera_nanda	living women
benjamin_braidley	english deaths
david_j.schwartz_:motivational_writer	american of
matt_wayne	american comics
beatriz_copello	australian australian
arun_krushnaji_kamble	indian births
mary_downing_hahn	21st-century women novelists
neville_cardus	english of
norvell_w._page	american american short
dmitri_savitski	russian writers
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
amir_hosein_fardi	iranian births
marijac	french births
charmian_london	american from
emanuela_da_ros	italian women writers
andrei_sinyavsky	soviet short
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
hortense_calisher	american american
elizabeth_thornton	20th-century women novelists
matthew_sturges	american comics
pablo_illanes	chilean births
dox_:poet	20th-century deaths
daithí_ó_muirí	irish short
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
rich_cohen	american people
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
boleslav_markevich	russian male
robert_m.pirsig	american from
aldo_busi	german births
peter_cheyney	english deaths
henri_patin	19th-century french
margaret_larkin	american american
berta_golob	slovenian births
rhianna_pratchett	english people
brett_halliday	american american
paola_drigo	italian women
peter_david	american from novelists
gennifer_hutchison	american television writers
mary_maclane	canadian women
christopher_nicole	20th-century women novelists
peter_kalifornsky	american women
dayton_duncan	american male
erica_james	20th-century women novelists
multatuli	dutch deaths
consuelo_de_sánchez_latour	20th-century women
rebecca_skloot	american births writers
ayako_fujitani	japanese births
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
henry_theodore_tuckerman	american american
bob_harras	american comics
richard_johnson_:16th_century	people women writers
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
morgan_bell	australian from
gianfranco_clerici	italian male
eric_forsberg	american male
elizabeth_cobbold	19th-century women
eliana_johnson	american from
cynthia_ozick	american american
christine_feehan	american women novelists
dava_sobel	american of
maxim_gorky	russian male
holly_nelson	canadian of
carla_desantis_black	american from
ginger_wadsworth	american women writers
michael_shulman_:writer	american male
alexis_nolent	living births
ian_macpherson_:comedian	irish births
alessandro_ghebreigziabiher	italian male
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
ian_flynn	american births
frédéric_marcelin	croatian novelists
cara_hoffman	21st-century women novelists
federico_hernández_de_león	guatemalan births
paola_corso	21st-century american writers
duane_ackerson	american american novelists
h.g.wells	english of
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
debra_evans	american from
maria_jane_jewsbury	19th-century women writers
maria_louise_pool	american children's writers
phil_pepe	american deaths
david_f.case	american american novelists
brandon_jones_:singer	hong births
chris_lawson	australian births
doris_e.smith	20th-century women writers
nuala_ní_chonchúir	irish women
marion_chesney	21st-century women fiction
mary_eliza_fullerton	australian women writers
mark_hudis	american television writers
naresh_mehta	indian writers
robert_f.young	american male novelists
paula_giddings	american university
a.whitney_brown	american television
gyan_chaturvedi	indian from
agnes_herbert	british of
nawal_kishore_dhawal	people deaths
erik_larsen	american comics
cynthia_kadohata	american women writers
birgit_zotz	mexican births
howard_w.bergerson	american from
fred_reed	american from
rafael_grugman	russian writers
david_j.williams	american american novelists
david_j.schwartz_:motivational_writer	american of
andy_luckey	american from
alfonso_rumazo_gonzález	chilean deaths
mena_calthorpe	australian women
allison_silberberg	american women writers
daniel_quinn	american american novelists
georges_simenon	20th-century from
nugroho_notosusanto	people novelists
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
bjørnstjerne_bjørnson	norwegian norwegian
dante_troisi	italian male
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
antonio_ros_de_olano	polish births
gary_janetti	american from
nihal_atsız	turkish writers
adam_hamdy	english births
ben_hamper	american from
félix_luna	argentine births
gotlib	french births
andrás_szántó	people births
george_wheeler_hinman	american from
raif_badawi	saudi arabian
brian_burland	people births
alexander_stepanovich_yakovlev	russian male
e.m.granger_bennett	canadian canadian novelists
carolyn_reeder	american women novelists
adolf_brand	german deaths
gary_shteyngart	american writers
ferdinand_brunetière	french deaths
asrul_sani	indonesian births
robert_leighton_:cartoonist	living people
myron_coureval_fagan	american from
hans_jæger	norwegian deaths
hilton_als	american of
bhabani_bhattacharya	indian of
c.h.sisson	english of
peter_bichsel	living births
curtis_roosevelt	american from
bill_ransom	american american short
rhys_hughes	british births
peter_elliot	american male
patrick_shen	living people
beatrice_hammer	french women writers
elizabeth_carpenter	american from
aníbal_cristobo	argentine women
reynaldo_a.duque	manuel deaths is a a
mark_aldanov	russian male
carol_gorman	american from
melinda_m._snodgrass	20th-century american novelists
brunello_rondi	italian male
harold_schechter	american from novelists
claude_mckay	people people
massimo_citi	italian births
abdullah_abdul_kadir	malaysian writers
peter_elliot	american male
fred_reed	american from
nihal_atsız	turkish writers
alison_uttley	english births
mya_than_tint	burmese births
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
caridad_bravo_adams	mexican women writers
matt_bullen	english births
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
anthony_:writer	year of birth
gunning_s.bedford	american deaths
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
matthew_leutwyler	american births
anna_rozen	french french
benjamin_taylor_:author	american university
michael_carroll_:author	living women
monica_buonfiglio	year of birth
enid_blyton	20th-century women novelists
harry_bernstein	american from
annie_hall_cudlip	english women writers
reynaldo_a._duque	people writers
naira_gelashvili	people novelists
meredith_tax	american births
richard_calder_:writer	21st-century short
norman_corwin	american male novelists
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
brenda_chapman	american film
elliott_holt	21st-century american novelists
mark_gruenwald	american comics
pavao_pavličić	croatian novelists
paul_dini	american television writers
pavao_ritter_vitezović	people of
herbert_meier	people of
nan_ryan	21st-century women novelists
minfong_ho	living people
gary_johns	australian of
elsa_bernstein	20th-century concentration
david_madden_:novelist	american from
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
aaron_elkins	american american novelists
d.scott_rogo	american births
banine	azerbaijani from
erwin_strittmatter	german of
farea_al-muslim	malaysian deaths
douglas_adams	english from
naa_someswara	indian people
hildegarde_dolson_lockridge	american women
alexander_prokhanov	russian writers
michael_shermer	american from
harry_lawton	american from
margaret_landon	american from
angelina_muñiz-huberman	mexican women
hugh_b.cave	english english
anne_hocking	20th-century women writers
aslak_dørum	norwegian births
matthew_weiner	american television
george_jonas	canadian from
andrew_ostrowski	american male
aziz_nesin	turkish births
bernadette_hall	new zealand novelists
edhem_mulabdić	bosnia and
mark_danner	american from
annie_vivanti	italian women
andrej_e.skubic	slovenian from
michael_a._burstein	american american short
giannina_braschi	american women
augustus_hare	english deaths
anne_hampson	year romantic birth missing
geoffrey_atherden	australian of writers
a.m.homes	american american
art_edwards	american from
nina_burleigh	american of
brenda_silsbe	canadian women writers
heinz_politzer	american jews
raphael_shore	canadian births
ethel_m.dell	english deaths writers
ed_james_:writer	american television
michael_barnes_:canadian_author	canadian of
patrick_süskind	german women
emma_jane_unsworth	year of birth missing
hidayat_orujov	people from
robert_p.t.coffin	american american
barry_cryer	english educated
djuna_barnes	american american
robert_coates_:critic	american american novelists
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
p._kalaimani	date deaths
paul_leppin	austrian births
allan_sherman	american from
henry_dumas	american from
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
davor_domazet-lošo	turkish writers
mariko_ōhara	living births
meredith_post	american television writers
maura_johnston	american women writers
howard_chaykin	american from
reza_mirkarimi	iranian births
borys_hrinchenko	ukrainian deaths
brigitte_kronauer	german women writers
mervyn_wall	irish irish
a.whitney_brown	american television
musa_haji_ismail_galal	indonesian deaths
patricia_briggs	21st-century women novelists
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
robert_laxalt	american american novelists
akira_yoshimura	japanese births
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
fred_hando	scottish deaths
charlotte_brown_:producer	american television writers
heinz_politzer	american jews
brian_cleeve	irish from
anatoly_serep	chuvash deaths
mary_somerville	19th-century women
allison_silberberg	american women writers
richard_e._kim	american writers
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
norman_hapgood	american from
brian_allen_carr	american births
azalaïs_d'arbaud	french deaths
charles_perez	american from
antoinette_henriette_clémence_robert	french french
folco_de_baroncelli-javon	french deaths
barry_liebmann	year of birth missing
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
mohan_bhandari_:writer	indian writers
rajiva_wijesinha	south of
reidar_thomassen	norwegian norwegian
peter_nichols	english male
enrichetta_caracciolo	italian births
peggy_payne	american births
champat_rai_jain	people births
harry_browne	american from
anna-clara_tidholm	20th-century women writers
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
maurice_mierau	canadian from
robert_elms	english births
fernando_ponce_de_león	brazilian novelists
fraser_nixon	canadian canadian novelists
pat_jordan_:author	american braves
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
christiana_spens	scottish of
emma_romeu	australian of
aaron_smith_:magician	american from
dave_smeds	american american short
david_rowley	year of birth
gyles_brandreth	english of
reynaldo_a._duque	people writers
merch_bradt_stewart	american from
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
ahmet_zappa	american male
o._henry	american births
erin_foster	american from
harut_sassounian	american deaths
angela_hernández_nuñez	dominican of
claire_cook	21st-century women novelists
peter_milligan	living of
anni_swan	finnish women
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
martin_lings	english of
bill_thompson_:technology_writer	english of
boris_pahor	people of
michael_s._chernuchin	american television
peter_kosminsky	english male
daniel_aaron	american of
nelson_algren	american american
galsan_tschinag	people writers
christopher_moore_:author	american american novelists
pedro_balmaceda	ecuadorian deaths
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
anwaar_ahmad	pakistani of
andrew_hindes	american male
barbro_lindgren	swedish women
multatuli	dutch deaths
anne_flournoy	american film
christian_murray	canadian births
gary_lachman	american from
elmer_bendiner	american deaths
pavel_ivanovich_melnikov	imperial russian
michael_stemmle	living game
grenville_clark	american births
ellen_galford	canadian of novelists
d'arcy_mcnickle	american american
chandler_owen	american deaths
gary_johns	australian of
otto_mainzer	german deaths
dorothy_p.lathrop	american from
hajra_masroor	pakistani from
pamela_brooks	21st-century women novelists
g.k.chesterton	english male
aleš_berger	slovenian from
arnold_drake	american comics
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
andrés_del_corral	people births
nancy_kress	american american novelists
christopher_dow_:author	american male
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
anna_de_noailles	french french
eudora_welty	american american
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
charles_moseley_:writer	people of
darren_barefoot	canadian male
augusto_de_angelis	italian male
chloë_leland	british of birth
debito_arudou	american from
beatríz_peniche_barrera	mexican women writers
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
maurice_nadeau	french deaths
peter_laird	american comics
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
rabina_khan	british of
gerald_clarke_:author	american from
banine	azerbaijani from
ferdinand_brunetière	french deaths
charles_alden_seltzer	american american novelists
frederick_buechner	american from
iain_finlayson	scottish births
miloš_mikeln	slovenian from
federico_campbell	mexican women
peter_s._fischer	american television
bochō_yamamura	japanese births
cynthia_harrod-eagles	21st-century women novelists
carlo_emilio_gadda	italian italian
djuna_barnes	american american
richard_mccann	american from
alaya_dawn_johnson	american women novelists
asar_eppel	russian short
paul_goble	american of
ghassan_kanafani	20th-century novelists
ernie_hart	american comics
philip_pullman	english of
bhisham_sahni	indian from
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
georges_cogniot	french deaths
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
elizabeth_graver	21st-century american novelists
evan_solomon	canadian people
eduard_vilde	estonian from
excilia_saldaña	21st-century women
robert_laxalt	american american novelists
margaret_potter	20th-century romantic novelists
hagop_oshagan	armenian deaths
francis_stuart	irish deaths
bruno_fuligni	french male
howard_gordon	american television
geneviève_billette	canadian canadian novelists
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
margaret_ashmun	american from
coleman_jacoby	american from
robert_ames_bennet	american american novelists
claw_money	american from
michael_gilbert	british of
andrej_blatnik	slovenian from
eleanor_zelliot	american deaths
hitonari_tsuji	japanese births
mike_edison	american of
mulk_raj_anand	indian of
alexander_genis	american births
cleve_cartmill	american american novelists
christopher_belton	21st-century of
mary_brave_bird	american deaths
h.r.percy	canadian male novelists
heidi_w.durrow	american american
pat_mills	living comics
evelyn_waugh	english of
n.m._mohan	indian writers
charles_mudede	american from
evelyne_lallemand	french women writers
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
andrea_goldsmith	australian women
diego_de_torres_villarroel	spanish births
polly_frost	21st-century american novelists
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
andrew_sabiston	canadian from
alphie_mccourt	american from
carmen_dolores	brazilian women
otto_tausig	austrian male
michael_levine_:publicist	american from
nodar_dumbadze	20th-century novelists
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
r._c._lehmann	people of
debito_arudou	american from
richard_steele	19th-century of
marilyn_jaye_lewis	american births
hemendra_kumar_roy	bengali writers
chad_harbach	american american
holly_black	american women novelists
amanda_browning	women romantic fiction
piri_thomas	american american
hella_haasse	20th-century women
antonio_tabucchi	italian from
carol_bruneau	canadian women novelists
michael_lent_:writer_and_producer	american male
pat_mcintosh	year of fiction
robert_bisset	people deaths
anja_štefan_:writer	slovenian women
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
alba_de_céspedes_y_bertini	20th-century women
gustaw_herling-grudziński	polish from
david_eddings	american american novelists
christine_adamo	french women writers
paula_giddings	american university
abdulah_sidran	bosnia and
mohammed_hasan_alwan	living people
david_mcsavage	british of
ed_brubaker	american comics
randy_boyagoda	canadian from
duane_simolke	american from
edgar_allan_poe	american american
benudhar_sharma	indian from
dmytro_dontsov	ukrainian deaths
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
donna_jo_napoli	american women novelists
horace_kephart	american deaths
eda_leshan	american deaths
attila_györgy	croatian novelists
miles_cain	year of
gyles_brandreth	english of
raphaël_confiant	french people
phiroz_mehta	people of
dun_karm_psaila	people deaths
olwen_wymark	american from
brenda_walker	australian women
david_ruprecht	american from
myrna_dey	canadian women novelists
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
evan_lavender-smith	american american
greg_r.fishbone	american male
adam_kuckhoff	german german
richard_appignanesi	canadian canadian
peter_james_:writer	english births
piri_thomas	american american
a.whitney_brown	american television
albert_kivikas	estonian deaths
allegra_huston	english from
david_pritchard_:chess_player	british births
michael_legat	20th-century women novelists
daphne_phelps	british writers
barbara_avedon	american television writers
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
abdul_qavi_desnavi	indian from
cynthia_defelice	20th-century women novelists
michel_rodange	people births
peter_pinne	australian births
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
paulette_bourgeois	canadian people
giorgio_van_straten	italian italian
max_crawford_:writer	american from
c.j.sansom	british of
fernando_sabino	brazilian novelists
brian_andreas	american american
martha_wells	american american novelists
elsie_finnimore_buckley	english births
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
füruzan	turkish people
pracheta_gupta	indian people
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
cathryn_humphris	american television birth
amy_thomson	american women novelists
ian_edginton	year of birth
maria_corsini	italian births
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
emily_wachtel	american television writers
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
emilio_carrere	spanish male
farid_raymond-anthony	sierra leonean
bob_tarlau	american television
brian_plummer	british births
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
rita_mae_brown	american american
bill_thompson_:technology_writer	english of
margaret_bennett_:writer	21st-century of
michael_j._arlen	american from
david_albahari	serbian novelists
aurelio_gonzález_ovies	spanish births
conrad_aiken	american american
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
giannis_agouris	turkish births
gunnel_linde	people births
derek_patmore	british births
e.nelson_bridwell	american comics
edward_litt_laman_blanchard	english deaths
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
philip_f._deaver	american from
maria_belakhova	russian writers
asim_mahmood	pakistani births
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
brenda_chapman	american film
marjorie_gross	canadian from
donald_burgett	american of
edith_bruck	20th-century women
anthony_hartley	british births
cameron_stracher	american of
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
meg_medina	american from
akira_hori	living births
david_garnett	20th-century short
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
michael_markowitz	american male
ernesto_tomasini	british male
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
friedrich_huch	german deaths
alfred_machin_:writer	people of
georges_pillement	french births
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
markus_zusak	australian from
hubert_crackanthorpe	english short
ester_wier	american women
gunnar_staalesen	norwegian women novelists
hubert_harrison	american of
marion_chesney	21st-century women fiction
herbert_achternbusch	german german
oswald_wynd	british of
naeem_mohaiemen	living births
rebecca_james_:author	australian children's writers
alan_macdonald_:writer	english births
p._j._wolfson	american from
doris_piserchia	american women novelists
rick_rofihe	canadian canadian novelists
cheikh_tidiane_gaye	people births
gary_crew	australian births writers
amanda_havard	american women novelists
david_goodis	american american novelists
ali_bey_huseynzade	azerbaijani deaths
aldous_huxley	english from
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
franz_gehring	german deaths
abed_elrahim_abu_zakrra	20th-century deaths
anton_van_wilderode	flemish belgian
bill_oakley	american television
robert_l.fish	american american novelists
achille_essebac	french male
claudia_casper	21st-century women short
monique_polak	canadian women writers
hannah_louise_shearer	american women novelists
eduard_limonov	russian male
elio_vittorini	italian male
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
nigar_rafibeyli	azerbaijani novelists
grainne_godfree	american television writers
patrick_mccabe_:novelist	irish short
ajay_sastry	indian writers
ameen_rihani	american american
g.waldo_dunnington	american from
francisco_bermúdez_de_pedraza	spanish births
richard_crasta	american male
heleen_mees	japanese births
maria_zhukova	russian russian
noy_holland	american from
marv_goldberg	american people
douglas_a.blackmon	american from
charlotte_higgins	english births
alexis_lichine	people deaths
hubert_crackanthorpe	english short
carl_otto_nordensvan	people births
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
muhsin_al-ramli	iranian people
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
hugo_sonnenschein	german deaths
es'kia_mphahlele	south african
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
al_boasberg	american from
glendon_swarthout	american american
clarence_bass	saudi births
hilton_als	american of
anton_funtek	slovenian from
robert_marasco	american male dramatists
alexandru_hâjdeu	russian births
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
a.s.gnanasambandan	indian writers
bas_kast	german male
david_gallaher	american from
christine_angot	french women writers
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
anibal_joão_melo	slovenian births
cynthia_ozick	american american
alan_mitchell_:comics	british of
robert_kirkman	american male
femi_osofisan	south african
alexander_frater	australian births
elizabeth_george_speare	american american novelists
norman_grubb	english births
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
rob_lotterstein	american of writers
paul_b._preciado	lgbt writers
nikolai_zlatovratsky	imperial russian
maxim_gorky	russian male
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
charly_chiarelli	canadian from
chuck_philips	american from
mitchell_hurwitz	american television writers
alain_leroy_locke	american from
octavio_cordero_palacios_:writer	ecuadorian novelists
pedro_montengón	valencian births
aristide_frémine	19th-century deaths
charmian_london	american from
fredrika_bremer	swedish swedish
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
bert_coules	british of
randolph_stow	australian australian
david_goldblatt_:writer	english of
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
maria_kuncewiczowa	people births
brian_mcnaughton	american american novelists
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
carlo_emilio_gadda	italian italian
richard_crasta	american male
aurania_rouverol	american women
paipra_radhakrishnan	living writers
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
grant_morrison	people of
mercedes_valdivieso	20th-century women
david_j.peterson	american from
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
adrian_cornelius_langerwerf	new zealand writers
erik_davis	american births
ann_mcgovern	american women
ellenor_fenn	19th-century women writers
carlos_zubizarreta	people from
mikiel_anton_vassalli	people deaths
nicolas_billon	canadian canadian novelists
morris_lurie	australian australian
dox_:poet	20th-century deaths
david_mcrobbie	australian from
martin_segon	serbian of
ahmed_mohamed_al-hofi	people of
graham_joyce	english births
r._d._low	british from
renan_demirkan	spanish from
ananda_chandra_barua	indian from
franco_scaglia	italian italian
derviš_sušić	bosnia and herzegovina
margaret_sweatman	canadian from
emmanuel_f.lacaba	filipino births
mary_brave_bird	american deaths
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
ali_smith	20th-century of
rebecca_eisenberg	american university
mark_forsyth	english births
monika_van_paemel	belgian women
chiara_matraini	italian italian
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
helena_khan	bangladeshi of is
apuleius	2nd-century romans
craig_wayans	american male
douglas_adams	english from
gordon_lish	american american novelists
dennis_kelly	english male
greye_la_spina	american american short
aline_valek	brazilian women
horace_mccoy	american from
božidar_novak	singaporean births
consuelo_de_saint_exupéry	french french writers
miriam_roth	american people
aqeel_abbas_jafari	pakistani births
benjamin_taylor_:author	american university
beverley_nambozo	21st-century women
aisha_muharrar	american television
gregor_collins	american from
monika_van_paemel	belgian women
gail_gibbons	american of writers
maria_isabel_barreno	20th-century women
patrick_maher_:writer	american male
chris_campanioni	mexican births
frances_paige	21st-century women novelists
bjørnstjerne_bjørnson	norwegian norwegian
o._e._middleton	new zealand
erzsébet_galgóczi	mexican women writers
gabrielle_carey	australian from
fermín_abella_y_blave	spanish births
mary_francis_shura	american women novelists
max_kase	american from
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
patrick_rothfuss	american american novelists
birendra_kumar_bhattacharya	indian from
donald_f.glut	american comics
guy_de_maupassant	french french
gegham_ter-karapetian	armenian deaths
benjamin_radford	american of birth
fiona_mcgregor	australian women writers
david_crane_:producer	american from
peter_dubé	canadian male novelists
anibal_joão_melo	slovenian births
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
anil_ghorai	indian from
cathy_williams	women of fiction
nathan_birnbaum	austrian deaths
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
emily_nasrallah	20th-century women
arthur_c.clarke	english from
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
don_novello	american male
n._s._madhavan	indian male
margaret_yorke	20th-century births novelists
hugo_vickers	people of
myoma_myint_kywe	burmese births
mullapudi_venkata_ramana	indian writers
claire_mowat	canadian women writers
elizabeth_knox	21st-century zealand novelists
eugenio_vegas_latapie	spanish births
rafael_cardoso_:art_historian	mexican births
richard_glatzer	american from
mary_ann_kilner	19th-century women writers
marina_ripa_di_meana	italian women
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
gertrude_barrows_bennett	american american fiction
aleksandar_hemon	american american
gustaw_przeczek	polish from
avram_davidson	american american novelists
alexander_prokhanov	russian writers
armand_lunel	french french
margery_allingham	20th-century women novelists
errol_fuller	british male
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
david_sweetman	20th-century from
emanuel_litvinoff	english from
george_tofan	romanian from
alvin_toffler	american from
donald_lowrie	american from
donald_goines	american from
nick_toczek	british of
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
erica_johnson_debeljak	american american
pravrajika_vrajaprana	american women writers
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
edward_bloor	american american novelists
dionysius_lardner	people births
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
philippe_béha	canadian people
edward_pasewicz	polish deaths
ellen_meloy	american from
brendan_o'carroll	irish from
bess_meredyth	american from
owen_wister	american from
christopher_story	british of
grigol_robakidze	male dramatists
glenn_eichler	american television writers
bohumil_hrabal	austrian births
mišo_juzmeski	turkish people
mulk_raj_anand	indian of
gheorghe_vodă	moldovan writers
mark_millar	british of
midori_:author	american from
chinthana_dharmadasa	living births
p._n._oak	indian writers
owen_wister	american from
emma_marris	american women writers
constancio_c.vigil	argentine births
devi_prasad_bagrodia	indian writers
dan_mishkin	american of writers
grace_duffie_boylan	american of
mathilde_schjøtt	norwegian norwegian
morten_piil	living births
fatima_meer	south african
gabrielle_carey	australian from
marilyn_roberts	british of
nathan_burrage	australian short story
daniel_micka	austrian births
amy_thomson	american women novelists
garry_ryan	canadian canadian novelists
alexander_m.phillips	american american short
michel_ocelot	french births
fiona_mcintosh_:fencer	scottish of
george_pérez	american comics
christine_harris_:author	australian women writers
bill_brittain	american american novelists
christiane_rochefort	french women writers
neal_brennan	american television
andra_medea	american women writers
gordon_stewart_anderson	canadian from
amyas_northcote	english births
beppe_fenoglio	italian male
rick_kennett	australian people
france_bevk	slovenian from
cornelius_eady	american american
consuelo_de_sánchez_latour	20th-century women
heda_margolius_kovály	20th-century women
ottavia_vitagliano	italian italian
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
douglas_messerli	american male novelists
oscar_balderrama	american television writers
hugh_walters_:author	english deaths
daedalus_howell	american from
himansu_sekhar_fatesingh	himansu births is
elizabeth_lambert	20th-century women novelists
aileen_paterson	scottish of
patric_verrone	american from
dhanashree_halbe	filipino births
marguerite_young	20th-century women
c.h.sisson	english of
brynne_chandler	20th-century women novelists
frederick_exley	american from
christopher_paul_baker	people of
alethea_kontis	american women novelists
dale_smith_:writer	english male
herbert_lyle_mayfield	american from
alfred_masson-forestier	french french
richard_russell_:dow_theory	american from
bill_pronzini	american american novelists
graham_linehan	irish births
damon_young_:writer	american of
alex_haley	american from
goran_vojnović	slovenian from
mary_alice_downie	canadian women writers
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
robert_palm	living of birth
hu_lancheng	people deaths
ed_greenwood	dungeons game dragons
friederike_roth	german women
claude_mckay	people people
charity_waciuma	20th-century women
audrey_erskine_lindop	english births novelists
crane_wilbur	american from
helena_cobban	british of
doric_germain	canadian male
e.m.granger_bennett	canadian canadian novelists
aron_eli_coleite	american television writers
alexander_kazantsev	russian births
alexander_sheller	russian deaths
curt_sampson	american male writers
connie_glaser	american from
michel_ferracci-porri	french people
donald_j.sobol	american from
n.m.browne	marc bushnaf is is an writer writer and and
george_william_johnson_:writer	english deaths
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
baratunde_thurston	american from
earl_shorris	american births
mikhail_dostoyevsky	russian russian
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
mary_cappello	american of
eduardo_acevedo_díaz	latvian births
achille_essebac	french male
annamarie_jagose	21st-century women
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
ayodhya_prasad_upadhyay	indian deaths
greg_kot	american from
pavel_ivanovich_melnikov	imperial russian
maria_jane_jewsbury	19th-century women writers
bert_salzman	american film
andrius_tapinas	lithuanian novelists
claire_mowat	canadian women writers
debbie_barham	english educated
nick_bertozzi	american comics
george_leonard	american from
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
matthias_politycki	german women
antal_stašek	19th-century of
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
pat_jordan_:author	american braves
margaret_cushing_osgood	american american
meindert_dejong	american american
marguerite_j.gascoigne	michael j. is is an american writer and and
alberto_de_angelis	italian births writers
edhem_mulabdić	bosnia and
homer_eon_flint	american american short
friedrich_christian_delius	german from
boris_movilă	moldovan writers
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
philip_o'connor	british deaths
brett_johnson_:writer	american television writers
peter_bergman_:comedian	american from
claude_mckay	people people
géza_gárdonyi	chilean deaths
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
betim_muço	albanian albanian
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
antonio_acevedo_hernández	male dramatists
nicolas_chamfort	19th-century french
matthew_j._trafford	canadian canadian novelists
barry_webster_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
nega_mezlekia	canadian from
nguyễn_ngọc_ngạn	canadian from
nicolás_gómez_dávila	chilean deaths
molly_birnbaum	american people
hans_ehrenbaum-degele	german deaths
emily_newell_blair	american from
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
henri_pichette	french french
ian_b.goldberg	american television birth
aleksandar_hemon	american american
cecelie_berry	american of
eugenia_kim_:author	21st-century women
david_leavitt	american american
denys_val_baker	english of
paul_goble	american of
bertrand_m.tipple	american deaths
daniel_le_clerc	people from
ana_rosa_tornero	bolivian births
metin_arditi	living births
david_hoskins	year of birth
edward_davies_:celtic	people births
patrick_mccabe_:novelist	irish short
andrew_coburn_:author	american american novelists
amy_hempel	american from
geeta_dharmarajan	indian women
eric_tunney	canadian from
pádraic_ó_conaire	19th-century deaths
amélie_nothomb	belgian births
nikita_larionov	chuvash deaths
rené_belletto	french french
charlotte_dean	american from writers
arild_haga	norwegian births
ralph_andrews_barry	american from
r.r.sundara_rao	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
deborah_hopkinson	american children's
dimitry_elias_léger	american american
gary_victor	haitian dramatists
beverley_nambozo	21st-century women
gary_victor	haitian dramatists
agneta_horn	swedish women
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
rebecca_abe	german women writers
charles-jean-françois_hénault	french deaths
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
deb_caletti	21st-century women novelists
margaret_maddocks	20th-century women novelists
paul_theroux	american from
phil_brucato	living people
denis_johnson	american american
michael_yon	american from
phyllis_reynolds_naylor	american from novelists
hemchandra_goswami	asom from
hitomi_takagaki	japanese births
aleksey_chapygin	russian short
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
mik_duffy	new of writers
eduardo_gonzález_viaña	male novelists
richard_steele	19th-century of
hans_ehrenbaum-degele	german deaths
amrita_pritam	indian from
christina_crawford	american women writers
marilyn_roberts	british of
arnold_stadler	german women
davide_cali	italian births
mykola_khvylovy	ukrainian deaths
aditi_phadnis	indian writers
bert_coules	british of
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
eva_emery_dye	american american
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
catherine_corley_anderson	american women
mrs_f._c._patrick	20th-century women novelists
merch_bradt_stewart	american from
andrej_hieng	slovenian from
france_bevk	slovenian from
michael_reaves	american american novelists
barbara,_lady_stephen	english women writers
dennis_spooner	english births
ralph_schoenstein	american from
aino_malmberg	people births
mohammad_moniruzzaman	bengali of
miles_franklin	20th-century women writers
dave_morice	american male
gary_indiana	american of
marguerite_rawalt	american deaths
minfong_ho	living people
aldous_huxley	english from
achille_essebac	french male
phillip_hoose	american from
dennis_mallonee	american comics
caroline_healey_dall	american american
achy_obejas	american american
aziz_nesin	turkish births
dennis_kelly	english male
emily_newell_blair	american from
elmer_bendiner	american deaths
hajro_ulqinaku	20th-century novelists
hu_lancheng	people deaths
glenda_millard	australian women writers
chris_kraus_:american_writer	american from
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
mark_weiner	american of writers
george_macovescu	romanian from
bhudev_mukhopadhyay	bengali from
adolf_brand	german deaths
alba_de_céspedes_y_bertini	20th-century women
rashid_jahan	20th-century deaths
ahmed_muradbegović	bosnia and
meredith_averill	american television
dhirubhai_thaker	indian from
george_mogridge_:old_humphrey	english english
emilio_salgari	italian male
peter_brash	american television writers
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
robb_white	american american
michael_fitzgerald_page	australian children's
anton_hansen_tammsaare	20th-century novelists
neal_shusterman	american american novelists
dinakara_desai	indian from
gardner_fox	american comics
devin_k.grayson	american comics
maxim_februari	japanese births
radhika_herzberger	indian writers
cleolinda_jones	american from
allan_sherman	american from
muhammed_azam_didamari	malaysian writers
marijac	french births
arnold_bennett	english male
hari_krishna_devsare	indian writers
christian_beranek	american from
hugo_dittberner	german german
clayton_matthews	american american novelists
peter_sotos	american people
michael_legat	20th-century women novelists
cherry_potter	year of birth
douglas_adams	english from
robert_thomas_:director	people male
bertram_brooker	canadian from
charles_stross	english science fiction
clive_barker	lgbt male
henry_gréville	19th-century deaths
giorgio_pressburger	italian male
mouloud_mammeri	people births
barbara_anderson_:writer	20th-century zealand zealand
gourahari_das	indian from
alice_mcdermott	american women
chris_mckinney	american births
bob_byrne	year of birth missing
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
costa_dillon	american of
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
andrea_heuser	german women
anton_hansen_tammsaare	20th-century novelists
michèle_mailhot	canadian canadian novelists
beverly_cleary	american from
farhat_ishtiaq	pakistani births
graham_roland	american of birth
gregg_bordowitz	american births
charles_dickens	english male
mike_resnick	american american novelists
anita_nair	20th-century indian
ernesto_tomasini	british male
max_bunker	living births
matt_bullen	english births
moti_nandi	indian of
erwin_strittmatter	german of
hortensia_blanch_pita	mexican women writers
imran_shah_:writer	asom from
pier_antonio_quarantotti_gambini	italian italian
elizabeth_korte	american television writers
bharago	indian from
hayes_davenport	american television
priya_a.s	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
frédéric_marcelin	croatian novelists
david_j.peterson	american from
margret_rey	german births
nicholas_sparks	american american
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
neville_cardus	english of
francis_stuart	irish deaths
rita_mae_brown	american american
carrie_snyder	canadian women novelists
nathuram_premi	indian deaths
francine_noël	canadian women novelists
betty_ren_wright	american women novelists
robert_h.abel	american american short
anne_coventry,_countess_of_coventry_:1673-1763	people women writers
christina_crawford	american women writers
edmundo_paz_soldán	american births
edward_litt_laman_blanchard	english deaths
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
nina_george	german women
ali_ashraf_darvishian	iranian births
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
frieda_a.murray	american women novelists
angela_pulvirenti	australian television birth
frédéric_beigbeder	french french
poola_tirupati_raju	indian from
basil_h.johnston	canadian from
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
mary_eliza_fullerton	australian women writers
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
georges_smal	belgian deaths
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
david_j.mitchell	canadian from
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
robert_aron	french deaths
debi_gliori	21st-century women writers
brenda_silsbe	canadian women writers
nikolai_uspensky	russian russian
bernard_maclaverty	scottish of
robert_satloff	american from
harlan_greene	american american
ben_sanders_:author	new zealand writers
blaize_clement	american women novelists
carlyle_eubank	american of birth
nastaran_ahmadi	american from
maria_theresa_lewis	people deaths
mary_maclane	canadian women
gene_levitt	american television
frederick_rolfe	english short
alexandre_jardin	french french novelists
clare_cavendish	year of birth missing
boudewijn_büch	dutch deaths
richard_cobbold	english deaths
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
george_wyatt_:writer	english deaths
peter_james_:writer	english births
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
anwara_syed_haq	bangladeshi of
quentin_crisp	english male
celeste_ng	american from of
abrar_alvi	indian film directors
oscar_balderrama	american television writers
albert_cossery	20th-century novelists
david_n.weiss	american from
garnet_walch	australian deaths
mike_leigh	english male
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
christopher_moore_:author	american american novelists
matt_de_la_peña	american of novelists
françois_sonkin	french french novelists
mirkka_rekola	20th-century women
geoffrey_dennis	english births
hamlet_bareh	indian from
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
bhudev_mukhopadhyay	bengali from
dimitri_verhulst	people deaths
dan_gillmor	american of
märta_helena_reenstierna	swedish swedish
marvin_albert	american american novelists
dianne_nelson	american short
nikolay_breshko-breshkovsky	russian russian
meg_jayanth	year of birth
pere_calders	20th-century novelists
anna_de_noailles	french french
brigitte_kronauer	german women writers
miklós_vámos	hungarian from
martin_waddell	australian births
beatríz_peniche_barrera	mexican women writers
brent_budowsky	american from
gordon_russell_:writer	american television
odveig_klyve	norwegian norwegian
aline_valek	brazilian women
märta_helena_reenstierna	swedish swedish
denis_gifford	british writers
mary_ann_kilner	19th-century women writers
byrna_barclay	canadian from
claude_mckay	people people
ben_raab	american comics
robert_thomas_:director	people male
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
bette_bao_lord	american korean of
penny_martin	alumni of
ahmed_baba_miské	mauritanian deaths
paul_heyse	german german
connie_booth	american from
filipp_nefyodov	russian deaths
caridad_bravo_adams	mexican women writers
hisham_matar	american of
benjamin_taylor_:author	american university
christopher_rowley	american american novelists
ahmad_bashir	pakistani from
mikhail_zhvanetsky	recipients of
alison_weir	british of
benedict_kiely	irish irish
alexandre_dumas	french french
richard_johnson_:16th_century	people women writers
antal_stašek	19th-century of
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
amanda_minnie_douglas	american american
dimitrije_kantakuzin	15th-century of
boris_movilă	moldovan writers
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
henry_poulaille	french deaths
charles_blackstone	american american novelists
eric_forsberg	american male
henri_chantavoine	french deaths
evan_fallenberg	american american
guido_gezelle	flemish from
eric_bagger	swedish women
moacyr_scliar	brazilian deaths
deb_caletti	21st-century women novelists
audre_lorde	american american
andrew_kaufman	canadian of birth
diamond_shumsher_rana	20th-century deaths
awn_alsharif_qasim	people deaths
gordon_snell	english of writers
claude_phillips	english of
dave_eggers	american american
mike_fasolo	american people
alan_campbell_:screenwriter	american from
david_fury	american television
charles-louis_havas	french male
mikhail_stasyulevich	russian deaths
george_burditt_:writer	american from
eric_marcus	american from
mir-jam	20th-century novelists
christianna_brand	20th-century women novelists
chandramathi	indian indian
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
alexandra_sellers	american of birth
harindra_dave	people births
e.v.krishna_pillai	indian from
debra_evans	american from
g.willow_wilson	american american novelists
peter_de_rome	american births
benedict_james	british births
ellis_marcus	american television writers
gregg_godfrey	american television
farhad_mazhar	bangladeshi of
michael_banim	irish deaths
eugie_foster	american american novelists
georg_heym	german german
nasir_abbas_nayyar	pakistani births
david_kushner	year of birth missing
guy_du_fresnay	french male
michael_chamberlain	australian from
bob_martin_:comedian	canadian births
clint_morris	australian television
amy_hempel	american from
omair_ahmad	indian writers
eric_kaplan	american from
max_kruse_:author	german deaths
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
adolf_brand	german deaths
craig_hickman	american from
fredrik_bajer	people deaths
olivier_rolin	french french
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
diana_hart	canadian people
darya_dontsova	russian births
abena_busia	20th-century women writers
nan_ryan	21st-century women novelists
mohammad-reza_mahdavi_kani	people from
aaron_mcgruder	american from
daniel_abraham_:author	american american novelists
anna_maria_ortese	italian women writers
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
qudrat_ullah_shahab	pakistani of
michael_scarce	american of
h.scott_hughes	american from
antonia_ridge	scottish deaths
georges_ista	belgian deaths
d.v.narasa_raju	people births
david_rakoff	american american
alexandru_bantoș	moldovan writers
matteo_pistono	living people
george_griffith	british of
bawa_balwant	20th-century from
eva_strittmatter	german women writers
guy_gavriel_kay	canadian from
necati_cumalı	turkish writers
mildred_noble	american women
gennifer_choldenko	american women novelists
paul_jessup_:writer	american american novelists
agnes_nixon	american television
guillermo_meneses	venezuelan births
cynthia_ozick	american american
magnús_scheving	michael j. is is an american writer and and
hovhannes_tumanyan	armenian armenian
eric_chappell	year of birth
paullina_simons	writers from
evelyn_waugh	english of
michaeley_o'brien	living of birth
annette_lapointe	canadian women
gustavo_álvarez_gardeazábal	chilean births
helena_cobban	british of
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
dr.seuss	american from
michael_carrington_:voice_actor	american television writers
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
al_boasberg	american from
daniel_handler	american male
richard_steele	19th-century of
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
francisco_bermúdez_de_pedraza	spanish births
qais_akbar_omar	american people
maria_benedita_bormann	brazilian women
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
paulette_bourgeois	canadian people
paipra_radhakrishnan	living writers
rita_mae_brown	american american
drew_pearce	british births
carla_kelly	american of writers
maria_stona	20th-century women
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
anna_pappritz	german deaths
dawn_powell	american american
frédéric-auguste_cazals	people deaths
edward_litt_laman_blanchard	english deaths
howard_white_:writer	canadian from
richard_walton	american from
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
erik_davis	american births
chloë_leland	british of birth
aleksander_świętochowski	polish from
murry_hope	english births
chantal_renaud	canadian from
charles_moseley_:writer	people of
edward_davies_:celtic	people births
marjabelle_young_stewart	american births
rae_bryant	living people writers
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
harold_schechter	american from novelists
monica_arac_de_nyeko	ugandan women
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
robert_m.pirsig	american from
paul_brodeur	american male
chris_kelly_:writer	american of
chris_bachelder	american from
chris_broadribb	20th-century women writers
peter_philipp	german german
gary_burns_:director	canadian of
eileen_myers	american television writers
g.herbert_sallans	canadian canadian novelists
carol_dunlop	canadian from
chintha_ravi	indian male
eriks_ādamsons	20th-century deaths
markus_zusak	australian from
hugo_blick	english male
alexei_maxim_russell	canadian canadian novelists
gabrielle_carey	australian from
antoine_rédier	french male
nick_joaquin	belgian births
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
igor_guberman	russian male
mary_philadelphia_merrifield	19th-century women
ethan_gilsdorf	american from
alison_bauld	irish deaths
monica_ali	british women
robert_j.sawyer	canadian from
david_kalstone	american from
paul_s._newman	american comics
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
david_woodard	american births
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
meredith_bagby	american births writers
pat_condell	english educated
céline_renooz	belgian belgian
dave_godfrey	canadian from
mary_mapes_dodge	american women
nancy_werlin	american women novelists
gary_david_goldberg	american television
nicolas_chamfort	19th-century french
paragu	paraguayan deaths
marty_feldman	english male
fazillah_abdul_gaffa	south births
arthur_mee	british births
george_dohrmann	american from
claude_aveline	french french
robert_gernhardt	german german
nar-dos	armenian armenian
mary_mapes_dodge	american women
francis_george_fowler	english births
richard_jefferies	english births
mohammed_moftahh_elfitory	indonesian writers
omar_kureishi	pakistani of
polly_frost	21st-century american novelists
douglas_adams	english from
barbara_kesel	american comics
anthony_sampson	english of
michael_yon	american from
harry_cross_:sportswriter	american from
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
hartzell_spence	american american
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
anne_bragance	21st-century women writers
aino_malmberg	people births
alexander_tarasov-rodionov	russian male
martha_cecilia	living people
gert_hofmann	20th-century from
ernie_hart	american comics
amy_welborn	american from
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
mike_penner	american from
nina_george	german women
david_icke	english of
gideon_joubert	south african
ray_connolly	british births
paul_goma	romanian essayists
ameen_rihani	american american
alden_r.hatch	american from
naa_someswara	indian people
olivier_weber	french french
antony_johnston	british comics
fernando_argenta	spanish male
holly_golightly_:comics	american comics
byrna_barclay	canadian from
norris_mcwhirter	people of
ann_hyland	british of birth
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
andrea_james	american from
holly_black	american women novelists
emily_kai_bock	canadian from
christopher_myers	american of birth
danny_casolaro	american from
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
paul_ernst_:german_writer	german male
meher_ramesh	indian film
michael_franzak	american people
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
connie_martinson	american from
michael_shulman_:writer	american male
annette_pehnt	german women
catherine_chung	american american novelists
maxine_mcarthur	21st-century women writers
gordon_lish	american american novelists
naeem_mohaiemen	living births
marguerite_rawalt	american deaths
bill_thompson_:technology_writer	english of
elizabeth_sims	21st-century women novelists
harold_acton	english of
crystal_wilkinson	american american
andy_borowitz	american from
eyvind_johnson	swedish from
christopher_g.moore	canadian from
meridel_le_sueur	american women
helen_bianchin	women women novelists
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
amy_sackville	alumni of
pola_gojawiczyńska	polish from
doris_runge	german women writers
norman_wong	american of
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
rhianna_pratchett	english people
eraldo_pecci	american fiorentina
daniel_handler	american male
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
reginald_hill	english of
heinz_knobloch	german from
daniel_f.galouye	american american novelists
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
dan_brereton	american comics
perihan_mağden	turkish people
morgan_o'neill	australian births
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
melissa_plaut	american of is
richard_arès	canadian from
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
emily_underdown	english women
nikolay_nosov	soviet male
nikolaos_kontopoulos	people deaths
charles_hamilton_:writer	british of
o._henry	american births
charles_stross	english science fiction
ernest_gébler	irish from
nuno_bernardo	american television
pierre_béarn	french french
fred_uhlman	people writers
donal_ryan	irish people
danny_hoch	american from
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
peter_lovesey	english short
nuggehalli_pankaja	indian writers
demetria_daniels	american women writers
graham_bendel	british births
milan_mirić	croatian novelists
daniel_harms	american american
begum_rokeya	20th-century from
david_lapham	american comics
miruna_runcan	romanian births
aglaia_kremezi	canadian births writers
annie_groovie	canadian from
farley_mowat	canadian from
paco_ignacio_taibo_ii	mexican from
conrad_aiken	american american
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
rob_long	american television writers
chris_maslanka	people of
nasir_abbas_nayyar	pakistani births
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
eddie_braben	english educated
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
georg_heym	german german
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
rafael_moreu	american television birth
michel_bibaud	canadian canadian
berta_bojetu	slovenian from
nugroho_notosusanto	people novelists
charles_a.williams_iii	american from
achille_essebac	french male
rené_victor_pilhes	manuel births is a a writer writer and
güney_dal	german births
mary_turzillo	21st-century american novelists
mildred_noble	american women
emily_cox_:puzzle_writer	american of birth
aldo_busi	german births
alastair_mcintosh	scottish of
antonio_segura	people births
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
eula_biss	american university
brian_francis	canadian from
amiri_baraka	american from
hector_malot	19th-century deaths
michael_lind	american from
matthew_tree	english births
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
barbara_hall_:tv_producer	american women writers
brian_attebery	american american novelists
nigel_nicolson	people of
rita_mae_brown	american american
qiu_jin	people births
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
dan_swimer	british of birth
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
eric_muspratt	australian from
rebecca_eisenberg	american university
amelie_fried	german women writers
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
himani_bannerji	canadian of
peter_b.gillis	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
alan_sillitoe	english short
michael_mcquarn	american television writers
choi_il-nam	south korean
charles_nelson_:writer	american of novelists
christiane_koren	norwegian norwegian writers
hal_higdon	american from
alvin_schwartz_:comics	american comics
chittaranjan_nepali	bangladeshi of is
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
gene_levitt	american television
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
greg_kasavin	american from
caelius_rhodiginus	italian deaths
pauline_johnson	canadian women
ana_tena	spanish women writers
mickey_rose	american from
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
mary_robison	american american
oh_kyu-won	south korean
ng_yi-sheng	singaporean people
marnix_gijsen	flemish from
frederick_rolfe	english short
remo_forlani	french male
gerald_vizenor	american american
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
christopher_riley	english births
pete_mctighe	living of birth
robert_leighton_:cartoonist	living people
deborah_biancotti	australian women writers
matthew_condon	australian short
maurice_francis_egan	american from
nikolaos_kontopoulos	people deaths
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
elsa_bernstein	20th-century concentration
g.s.amur	indian from
neal_brennan	american television
assaf_inbari	israeli novelists
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
peter_rühmkorf	german from
alejandro_agostinelli	argentine births
myrna_dey	canadian women novelists
elizabeth_graver	21st-century american novelists
matt_brandstein	american comics
richard_n._goodwin	american people
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
ben_humble	scottish deaths
frank_skinner	english educated
dan_vebber	american television writers
ernest_kinoy	american from
c.radhakrishnan	indian male
robert_coates_:critic	american american novelists
henri_jeanson	french male
colin_dexter	english of
michitsuna_no_haha	10th-century births
paul_mccusker	american from
ramaranjan_mukherji	indian writers
brian_leung_:author	american of
rob_nieuwenhuys	dutch dutch
adrian_hyland	australian australian
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
nicholas_wootton	american television writers
rich_cohen	american people
deborah_eisenberg	american from
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
daniel_f.galouye	american american novelists
fabio_fiallo	dominican republic
ahmad_bashir	pakistani from
quentin_crisp	english male
naeem_mohaiemen	living births
neal_drinnan	australian short story
francine_du_plessix_gray	american american
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
flavio_herrera	guatemalan short
mary_peters_:hymn_writer	people births
helen_weinzweig	canadian canadian novelists
edward_l.youmans	american from
norma_farber	american women
barry_cryer	english educated
eugenia_kim_:author	21st-century women
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
greg_bear	american american novelists
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
michael_nugent	irish people
cash_markman	year of birth
mike_carlin	american comics
raghavanka	indian from
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
guy_hocquenghem	french french
alexei_sholokhov	russian births
alvin_toffler	american from
barry_cooper_:author	michael births is
andrei_bitov	russian male
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
berton_roueché	american from
anthony_bailey_:author	british of
rich_blomquist	american television
michael_banim	irish deaths
elsie_locke	new zealand
max_ehrmann	american births
adel_souto	american male
rita_clay_estrada	21st-century women novelists
michael_j._fitzgerald_:writer	american from
elena_chudinova	russian births
neville_cardus	english of
nina_berberova	russian russian
david_emanuel_wahlberg	american deaths
rhys_hughes	british births
darren_barefoot	canadian male
h.m.hoover	american women novelists
clay_shirky	american people
mary_berry	english educated
erik_wolpaw	year of birth
niel_bushnell	english births
bogomir_magajna	slovenian births
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
richard_rive	20th-century african
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
conrad_voss_bark	british births
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
richard_levinson	american television
piero_chiara	people births
monika_bohge	german women writers
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
abul_fazal_:writer	bengali births
narcís_oller	swedish births
bhisham_sahni	indian from
arthur_morrison	english english
anne_flournoy	american film
nikolai_karonin-petropavlovsky	russian male
flora_annie_steel	19th-century short
richard_leonard	people of
anabela_basalo	serbian of
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
nayantara_sahgal	indian women
r._t._kendall	canadian births
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
eilif_straume	norwegian norwegian
nikephoros_i_of_constantinople	byzantine of
maryse_dubuc	canadian births
hwang_jung-eun	south births
omar_ibn_said	american from
grigory_baklanov	russian short
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
peter_david	american from novelists
neil_druckmann	american comics
aravind_adiga	20th-century births
nils_nordberg	norwegian norwegian writers
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
cliff_green	australian from
henry_liu	20th-century from
qazi_anwar_hussain	bengali writers
pavel_prudnikau	people from
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
henry_bond	english births
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
matthew_berry	american from
clara_ng	saudi births
aaron_smith_:magician	american from
rachid_mimouni	people births
nouritza_matossian	english births
carmen_covito	italian births
ben_sherwood	american from
ben_humble	scottish deaths
era_sezhiyan	people births
bill_arp	american from
matthew_stokoe	living people
harriet_elizabeth_prescott_spofford	american american
alexander_neverov	russian male
borys_hrinchenko	ukrainian deaths
rafael_cardoso_:art_historian	mexican births
charles_bucke	english male
p._n._furbank	people of
eric_wilson_:suspense_writer	american of
muktabai_dixit	people births
benjamin_radford	american of birth
elizabeth_strong_worthington	american women
marisha_pessl	21st-century american novelists
henry_barham	people births
carol_bishop-gwyn	canadian women
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
phyllis_chesler	american from
atiq_rahimi	french births
eugene_fodor_:writer	american from
per_ahlmark	swedish of
france_herron	american age
dbc_pierre	australian from
richard_steele	19th-century of
najat_el_hachmi	spanish births
marv_wolfman	american comics
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
dimitrije_kantakuzin	15th-century of
paulo_mendes_campos	male births
mavro_vetranović	20th-century novelists
blaize_clement	american women novelists
brandon_choi	american of birth
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
abul_bashar	indian writers
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
george_mogridge_:old_humphrey	english english
byrna_barclay	canadian from
mark_wallington_:writer	british people
george_mcleod_winsor	19th-century women
michel_ocelot	french births
eldridge_cleaver	american from
natsuhiko_kyogoku	japanese births
audrey_howard	20th-century women novelists
alan_lee_:cricket_writer	british births
robert_maxwell_:writer	scottish births
brian_cleeve	irish from
angeline_hango	canadian women novelists
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
ana_rosa_tornero	bolivian births
andrew_klavan	american american
richard_crasta	american male
pat_condell	english educated
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
pere_calders	20th-century novelists
albert_alberts	dutch dutch
archie_goodwin_:comics	american age
denis_thériault	canadian from
ndyakira_amooti	year of
donna_kossy	american women
hugh_abercrombie_anderson	canadian from
ralph_chaplin	american deaths
elhadi_adam	people deaths
maxim_februari	japanese births
pilín_león	living births
paula_broadwell	american from
rachna_gilmore	canadian women
andrew_chambliss	american television writers
amy_thomson	american women novelists
otto_manninen	people births
christophe_honoré	french male
danny_baker	english educated
nikša_gradi	serbian writers
brent_fletcher	american television writers
cecelie_berry	american of
federico_campbell	mexican women
hilary_bell_:writer	australian births
andrei_bitov	russian male
bernard_werber	french french novelists
andrei_strâmbeanu	moldovan writers
polina_suslova	russian russian
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
craig_seymour	american births
paul_jenkins_:writer	living births
ching_he_huang	british of
eric_rhode	british births
george_tabori	people from
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
gunvor_hofmo	norwegian women writers
marko_vovchok	ukrainian births
mary_berry	english educated
gore_vidal	american from
grace_kennedy_:writer	19th-century women
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
mick_jackson_:author	english births
henry_herbert,_3rd_earl_of_carnarvon	english of
albert_tam	hong births
dmitry_grigorovich	russian russian
musa_anter	people deaths
eugie_foster	american american novelists
anthony_simmons_:writer	english educated
frank_c.matthews	american from
amiri_baraka	american from
florence_ashton_marshall	english deaths
richard_n._goodwin	american people
ratnaja	indian film directors
alfred_andersch	german of
emilio_rabasa	austrian deaths
mary_virginia_carey	american women writers
abdul_hameed_:writer	pakistani from
rené_de_ceccatty	french french novelists
grace_lin	american women writers
harsha_singamsetty	american deaths
michael_carroll_:american_writer	21st-century of
raphaël_millet	french births
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
gregory_mcdonald	american american novelists
maura_johnston	american women writers
rené_daumal	french french
david_x.cohen	american television
alison_weir	british of
arnold_stadler	german women
ian_bone_:author	australian births
enzo_siciliano	italian male
charles_perez	american from
eva_norvind	norwegian women
peter_rühmkorf	german from
mirko_javornik	slovenian from
daniel_ford_:editor_and_writer	south african writers
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
patricia_ryan_:author	american women novelists
george_mcleod_winsor	19th-century women
philip_rees	living children's
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
marina_ripa_di_meana	italian women
chris_hayward	american from
alexander_kanengoni	british deaths
orson_spencer	american from
nikolay_karamzin	russian russian
h.l.gold	american american short
mary_maclane	canadian women
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
nicholas_kollerstrom	british people
david_heneker	english deaths
gustav_wied	male male
richard_newman_:broadcaster	lgbt male
georges_simenon	20th-century from
noël_godin	belgian births
guram_dochanashvili	people births
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
nell_dixon	women of fiction
denys_val_baker	english of
hubert_haas	belgian deaths
coelho_neto	brazilian deaths
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
michael_carroll_:american_writer	21st-century of
nikolay_nosov	soviet male
alison_hume	year women writers
hala_misrati	australian births
d.j.grothe	american from
richard_atkyns	english births
emiliano_reali	italian male
douglas_kenney	american from
barbara_baynton	australian women
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
david_toussaint	american from
pat_brown_:criminal_profiler	american women writers
audre_lorde	american american
hanifa_deen	australian births
matthew_tobin_anderson	american american novelists
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
robert_olen_butler	american american
arthur_bloch	american male
choi_in-hun	south korean
helen_frost	american women writers
enrique_dussel	argentine from
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
fernanda_eberstadt	21st-century women novelists
hugh_b.cave	english english
alexis_lichine	people deaths
ekhlasuddin_ahmed	bangladeshi of
muallim_naci	people deaths
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
nuggehalli_pankaja	indian writers
paul_kirchner	american from
cao_xueqin	iranian dynasty
barbara_smucker	american women
robert_a.heinlein	american from
bibhuprasad_mohapatra	people writers
neli_kodrič	slovenian from
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
herman_pieter_de_boer	dutch deaths
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
dea_birkett	british of
henri_lopès	people of the of of
diana_abgar	people from
fran_striker	american from
oliva_sabuco	spanish births
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
douglas_adams	english from
eugene_george_key	american american novelists
evelyn_beatrice_hall	19th-century women writers
pamela_brooks	21st-century women novelists
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
gabrielle_lord	australian women
blair_mastbaum	lgbt american
richard_calder_:writer	21st-century short
r._w._bradford	american from
anita_nair	20th-century indian
charlotta_frölich	19th-century births
dominik_smole	slovenian novelists
richard_rodriguez	american from
mary_agria	21st-century american novelists
robert_musil	20th-century women
grace_lin	american women writers
michael_j._rosen	american male
amar_jaleel	pakistani of
christopher_myers	american of birth
melinda_hsu_taylor	american of writers
parke_godwin	american american short
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
chris_collins_:writer	american television writers
homen_borgohain	indian from
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
pietari_päivärinta	finnish births
breda_smolnikar	slovenian from
angus_reach	19th-century deaths
dinakara_desai	indian from
evan_lavender-smith	american american
merata_kawharu	south zealand
ian_cameron_esslemont	canadian from
bob_paris	american from
carlos_zubizarreta	people from
george_anania	romanian novelists
philippe_soupault	french french
ratnaja	indian film directors
dorothy_macardle	irish deaths
richard_james_gelles	american of
robert_m.pirsig	american from
barbara,_lady_stephen	english women writers
al_weisel	american from
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
clifford_lindsey_alderman	american american novelists
greye_la_spina	american american short
patrick_califia	american from
charles_dickens	english male
mary_lamb	19th-century women
duarte_barbosa	portuguese births
alex_shoumatoff	american from
radomir_konstantinović	20th-century from
andrew_berardini	american from
anja_meulenbelt	dutch writers
dorothy_macardle	irish deaths
natabar_samantaray	indian from
benjamin_cheever	american american novelists
mary_de_morgan	19th-century women
hamlet_bareh	indian from
carlos_monsiváis	mexican births
harry_crane	american television
gish_jen	american short short
augusto_monterroso	guatemalan short
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
ekalavyan_:novelist	indian male
michael_moorcock	english science
gloria_lisé	argentine argentine
allegra_huston	english from
p.k._parameswaran_nair	people deaths
audre_lorde	american american
rita_mae_brown	american american
donald_lowrie	american from
augusten_burroughs	lgbt from
francisco_manuel_de_mello	italian births
enrico_borla	italian births
marilyn_kaye	living from
emanuele_nutile	italian male
doug_momary	american television
félix_morisseau-leroy	20th-century dramatists
e.v.krishna_pillai	indian from
ram_punjwani	indian from
orson_spencer	american from
alexandru_hâjdeu	russian births
chandramathi	indian indian
eda_leshan	american deaths
david_carr_:journalist	american from
angela_slatter	australian women writers
michael_j._fitzgerald_:writer	american from
carl_potts	american comics
pitcheswara_rao_atluri	year of birth missing
abdón_ubidia	male short story
bob_harras	american comics
michael_j._sullivan_:author	american american novelists
hélé_béji	filipino births
christopher_landon	british births
cynthia_enloe	21st-century women writers
nate_jackson	living births
dejan_medaković	serbian from
evan_beloff	canadian television writers
hagop_baronian	armenian deaths
michael_markowitz	american male
es'kia_mphahlele	south african
consuelo_de_sánchez_latour	20th-century women
martin_walser	german from
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
max_huwyler	living people
felicia_skene	19th-century deaths
harold_brodkey	american from
harry_lawton	american from
emily_holton	canadian canadian
bert_coules	british of
feodor_gladkov	russian male
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
mohamed_driss	british of
ammon_shea	american of writers
maude_kegg	american women writers
andrea_james	american from
gerald_brenan	british of
eraclio_zepeda	mexican births
mikhail_alekseyev_:writer	recipients of
boris_savinkov	russian writers
matija_divković	bosnia and herzegovina
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
gabrielle_carey	australian from
arshag_chobanian	armenian deaths
david_horowitz	american from
himani_bannerji	canadian of
anatoly_sofronov	recipients of
richard_goodman_:writer	american from
pam_veasey	american television writers
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
grace_lin	american women writers
farid_raymond-anthony	sierra leonean
dionciel_armstrong	american film
doric_germain	canadian male
david_treuer	american american
alejandro_pérez_lugín	spanish male
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
golam_mostofa_:poet	indian from
pierre_béarn	french french
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
henry_clark_barlow	english male
harry_rowohlt	german from
fazlur_rahman_faridi	people deaths
frank_lupo	american television writers
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
asim_mahmood	pakistani births
aino_malmberg	people births
brandon_mull	american of
anthony_browne_:author	british of writers
gianna_manzini	20th-century women
glen_whitman	american television birth
david_ibn_ya'ish	dominican republic
mkrtich_armen	armenian deaths
helene_hanff	american women
david_whitaker_:screenwriter	english births
richard_lane_:writer	australian births
pieter_aspe	belgian births
fiona_mcintosh_:fencer	scottish of
gilbert_gerard_:theological_writer	scottish of
magnus_jansson	michael j. is an american writer writer and
george_wilbur_peck	american from
ben_stein	american male
bhaskar_sunkara	american of
charles_corm	dutch deaths
elwood_ullman	american births
balduin_möllhausen	german deaths
robert_rimmer	american from
maurice_champagne	french male
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
george_caragonne	people births
gustav_von_struensee	german male
nikolai_leykin	russian male
dawid_van_lill	south african
ben_sanders_:author	new zealand writers
myriam_francois-cerrah	living people writers
mark_evans_:comedian/writer	british of
azar_nafisi	saudi arabian
aaron_becker	american from
rain_chudori	living births
hanna_mina	syrian writers
gyan_chaturvedi	indian from
edgar_hilsenrath	german german
adam_maxwell	english births
catherine_millet	french women
carmen_beltrán	swedish deaths
maria_amelie	living births
murray_boltinoff	american comics
rebecca_winters	american women novelists
mike_shepherd_:author	american american novelists
giannis_agouris	turkish births
alex_shoumatoff	american from
harut_sassounian	american deaths
dan_guterman	american of writers
charles_belfoure	american from novelists
desa_muck	slovenian from
medo_pucić	serbian deaths
nyana_kakoma	ugandan women
cecilia_hae-jin_lee	american of of
mike_grell	american comics
rita_mae_brown	american american
ponsonby_ogle	english deaths
bert_salzman	american film
frederick_rolfe	english short
esther_hautzig	american deaths
ihsan_abdel_quddous	burmese births
nuala_ní_chonchúir	irish women
afonso_arinos	brazilian deaths
christina_vella	american from
bill_ransom	american american short
mia_couto	20th-century short
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
farah_mohamed_jama_awl	people from
brian_andreas	american american
robert_gottlieb	american from
marley_carib	living births
eshkol_nevo	israeli births
alan_e.nourse	american american short
max_tau	german deaths
carla_gericke	american births
anthony_bidulka	canadian canadian
mike_yaconelli	american deaths
eli_clare	american from
micki_dickoff	american of birth
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
peter_nowalk	american from
michal_šanda	living writers
hirotada_ototake	living births
robert_marasco	american male dramatists
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
britta_gröndahl	20th-century women
olen_steinhauer	american american novelists
aaron_smith_:magician	american from
mary_wibberley	english women novelists
per_schwenzen	norwegian norwegian
mikhail_zagoskin	russian male
harry_hodgkinson_:writer	english of
perrine_leblanc	canadian canadian novelists
alan_dean_foster	american american novelists
maxime_du_camp	french french
avram_davidson	american american novelists
dorothy_nolte	american women
gerald_reece	english of
david_eddings	american american novelists
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
matthew_condon	australian short
mark_katzman	american from
maria_agnès_ribera_garau	19th-century women writers
hermann_broch	austrian deaths
dennis_denisoff	canadian from
henry_miller	american from
edward_bloor	american american novelists
hiroshi_ando	japanese births
alan_e.nourse	american american short
corín_tellado	spanish women
owen_wister	american from
chen_danyan	people women
chong_hyon-jong	south births
eve_titus	american deaths
barbara_m.joosse	american of writers
pedro_garcía_cabrera	spanish male
francisco_herrera_luque	20th-century novelists
osman_güldemir	living people birth
edith_ellis	english women
milo_manara	living births
donald_t.phillips	michael births is
margaret_roper	english women
akshay_chandra_sharma	indian from
mazarine_pingeot	french french
martha_wells	american american novelists
bernard_noël	french french novelists
edwin_granberry	american from
cao_xueqin	iranian dynasty
ochirbatyn_dashbalbar	20th-century deaths
david_j.peterson	american from
daniele_bolelli	american male
mark_richard	american from
giancarlo_magalli	italian births
allen_adler	american from
esther_hautzig	american deaths
adam_kuckhoff	german german
franci_cerar	year of birth
brinsley_macnamara	irish deaths
hans-otto_meissner	german deaths
august_derleth	american american novelists
anna-leena_härkönen	20th-century women
andrey_dikiy	russian russian
helene_hanff	american women
connie_martinson	american from
monica_sone	american from
daniel_scott_:writer	american american novelists
david_alan_grier_:writer	american of birth
rafael_chaparro_madiedo	20th-century novelists
robert_kaleski	australian births
charlotte_higgins	english births
bolwar_mahammad_kunhi	indian male
george_metcalf_johnson	american from
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
hitomi_takagaki	japanese births
nigel_calder	english educated
nan_chauncy	australian from
gwyn_thomas_:novelist	20th-century short
curt_gentry	american from
donagh_macdonagh	irish deaths
david_e.kelley	american television
archibald_gracie_iv	american from
mary_lavin	irish women
hannah_friedman	american from
philippe_de_commines	french male
darren_close	year of birth missing living
peter_tennant	english births
byron_vincent	british births
ghulam_sarwar	bangladeshi of
alexander_neverov	russian male
nicolas_billon	canadian canadian novelists
burton_berinsky	american births
emma_dolujanoff	mexican women writers
alf_prøysen	norwegian deaths
addison_wiggin	american of birth
patricia_maldonado	brazilian births
georgelle_hirliman	american women writers
nikolay_nosov	soviet male
danny_baker	english educated
goffredo_parise	italian male
go_osaka	japanese japanese
parichay_das	indian women
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
paul-jacques_bonzon	french french writers
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
ian_denis_johnson	american bloggers
brendan_foley	canadian of writers
nouritza_matossian	english births
branka_jurca	slovenian from
nikifor_mran'ka	people deaths
huo_da	people births
claudia_dey	21st-century women novelists
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
emili_teixidor	spanish male
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
david_goodis	american american novelists
amir_muhammad_:director	british births
ghada_al-samman	syrian writers
fatima_meer	south african
christopher_levett	english deaths
craig_hickman	american from
bhargavaram_viththal_varerkar	marathi-language deaths
maud_de_belleroche	21st-century women writers
mateo_frazier	american births
anthony_browne_:author	british of writers
christabel_bielenberg	people deaths
frank_schätzing	german births
melinda_m._snodgrass	20th-century american novelists
chiaki_kawamata	japanese births
alpha_rwirangira	living births
peter_sotos	american people
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
henning_haslund-christensen	people deaths
peter_rühmkorf	german from
george_kashdan	american comics
charles_blackstone	american american novelists
ardeshir_irani	indian film
anthony_coburn	australian births writers
harry_hodgkinson_:writer	english of
augustin_hamon	french deaths
douglas_kent_hall	american from
henry_james	american male
brian_priestley	english of
danny_hoch	american from
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
choi_il-nam	south korean
peter_stanford	english births
hermann_hager	german births
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
grigory_baklanov	russian short
mohamed_chafik	living births
nigel_collins	year of birth
christopher_moeller	american from
ahmed_deedat	south african
arnaldur_indriðason	people births
david_emanuel_wahlberg	american deaths
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
dianne_bates	australian births
andré_vianco	american of
nathalie_gassel	belgian births
bimal_kar	bengali writers
elizabeth_lyle_saxon	american deaths
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
holley_rubinsky	canadian women novelists
patrick_mchale_:artist	american male
mircea_damian	romanian romanian
faridur_reza_sagar	bangladeshi of
igor_guberman	russian male
francis_webb_:writer	english english
fereshteh_molavi	iranian births
edwin_s.grosvenor	american from
carl_van_vechten	american from
ginger_wadsworth	american women writers
p._n._furbank	people of
aaron_hoffman	american deaths
craig_hinton	20th-century short
mike_mcquay	american american short
namwali_serpell	american people
edgar_allan_poe	american american
annie_groovie	canadian from
angelo_lo_jacono	italian deaths
ann_donahue	american of writers
mikal_sylten	norwegian births
charles_stross	english science fiction
rafael_chaparro_madiedo	20th-century novelists
david_orton_:deep_ecology	canadian from
gabriele_kuby	german women writers
cheon_un-yeong	south korean
ariel_levy	american american
paola_drigo	italian women
chi_li	people births
max_allan_collins	american american novelists
mirosław_nahacz	polish male
eleanor_updale	british of
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
andré_aciman	american american
barbara_cooney	american from
omar_pound	20th-century from
darnell_l.moore	american of
reşat_ekrem_koçu	turkish deaths
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
alexander_chee	american of novelists
hans_christian_adamson	american from
per_ahlmark	swedish of
dimitry_elias_léger	american american
georges_simenon	20th-century from
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
frederick_buechner	american from
oliver_la_farge	american american
emily_holton	canadian canadian
charlotte_dean	american from writers
george_william_curtis	american american
richard_canal	french births
diego_de_valera	spanish births
andrey_aldan-semenov	russian russian
clint_morris	australian television
emily_nasrallah	20th-century women
ian_watson_:author	people of novelists
alexandre_astier	french male
mark_richard	american from
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
raša_papeš	living writers
anatoly_sofronov	recipients of
ana_rosa_tornero	bolivian births
george_tabori	people from
richard_james_gelles	american of
edward_ormondroyd	american of novelists
robert_levin_:writer	american from
ignace_lepp	french deaths
e.b.white	american from
gail_giles	american of birth
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
alexei_perry	canadian of writers
douglas_murray_:author	people of
marion_halligan	australian women writers
andrea_ashworth	english women
nikolai_virta	russian male
george_moreby_acklom	british births
robert_olen_butler	american american
giorgio_nurigiani	italian male
gerhard_dengler	german from
hemchandra_goswami	asom from
clara_sereni	italian women
david_renwick	english births
a.m.homes	american american
rick_spears	american from
bruno_schulz	polish male
carolyn_haywood	american children's
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
bob_ellis	australian from
pam_scheunemann	living children's
mrs_f._c._patrick	20th-century women novelists
eleanor_millard	canadian canadian short
alan_moore	english births
georges_baal	hungarian from
robert_a.heinlein	american from
michael_gilbert	british of
merna_summers	canadian women novelists
nathan_fielder	canadian from
charlotte_zolotow	american women
norah_mcclintock	canadian people
robert_j.sawyer	canadian from
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
patricia_gaffney	21st-century women novelists
freddie_williams_ii	american comics
heather_lewis_:writer	american american
perihan_mağden	turkish people
menis_koumandareas	20th-century novelists
petru_cărare	moldovan writers
felice_schwartz	american women
rachel_qitsualik-tinsley	canadian women writers
ignasi_ribó	spanish writers
adam_kazimierz_czartoryski	recipients of the
christian_tămaș	romanian births
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
connie_booth	american from
daniel_nester	american from
e.m.granger_bennett	canadian canadian novelists
marusya_klimova	romanian births
abena_busia	20th-century women writers
aaron_shure	american television writers
christopher_sequeira	australian from
mark_shand	people of
frederick_exley	american from
gerhard_dengler	german from
henry_swinburne	english deaths
eshkol_nevo	israeli births
peter_gibson_:writer	american male
félix_tanco	19th-century births
robert_kanigher	american comics
arnold_stadler	german women
clayton_van_lydegraf	american deaths
mercy_otis_warren	american american
amy_sherman-palladino	american television writers
biswapati_sarkar	indian of
douglas_bland	canadian women birth
pierre_nothomb	belgian from
marina_oliver	living people
george_mcwhirter	canadian from
peter_rühmkorf	german from
anura_c.perera	sri lankan
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
christian_murray	canadian births
farley_mowat	canadian from
henri_jeanson	french male
grace_lumpkin	american american
arkadiy_belinkov	russian writers
denis_tillinac	french male
paul_marsden	british of
peter_rollins	living from
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
philippe_delerm	21st-century french
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
guy_de_maupassant	french french
francesco_carotta	british births
massimo_carlotto	italian births
ahmed_ismail_samatar	saudi arabian
david_alan_mack	american of novelists
olaug_løken	norwegian writers
fran_striker	american from
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
berta_ruck	20th-century women novelists
danton_remoto	filipino births
frank_o'hara	american from
carlos_moore_:writer	mexican births
mu_shiying	20th-century from
norma_k._hemming	20th-century women writers
anthony_sampson	english of
archibald_gracie_iv	american from
michael_yon	american from
chris_broadribb	20th-century women writers
anup_singh_choudry	bangladeshi of
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
david_jubermann	new zealand zealand
milan_mirić	croatian novelists
derek_jewell	british deaths
bart_kosko	american from
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
andrea_camilleri	italian italian
federico_de_roberto	italian italian
david_whitaker_:screenwriter	english births
franco_solinas	italian male
charlotte_link	german women
philippe_de_chérisey	people deaths
donna_ball	american romantic novelists
hal_block	american from
ramon_saizarbitoria	living people
eva_strittmatter	german women writers
dennis_o'neil	american comics
charles-albert_demoustier	french deaths
r._c._lehmann	people of
may_cutler	canadian women
marjorie_gross	canadian from
george_wilbur_peck	american from
alan_campbell_:screenwriter	american from
annie_vivanti	italian women
andré_bjerke	norwegian norwegian
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
dawn_powell	american american
abdul_aziz_said	american of birth
alexander_tarasov-rodionov	russian male
brian_ruckley	scottish of
marjana_gaponenko	mexican women
charles_nisard	french deaths
aida_gonzález	20th-century women writers
herbert_huncke	american from
amar_jaleel	pakistani of
abelardo_castillo	argentine argentine
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
cezaro_rossetti	scottish of
paul_hoffman_:business_writer	american from
rebecca_parr_cioffi	21st-century women novelists
rafael_grugman	russian writers
mary_lamb	19th-century women
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
nikolai_leykin	russian male
margarita_bobba	italian women death
annie_lee_rees	new zealand
edwin_cerio	italian italian
george_william_russell	irish deaths
aleksey_chapygin	russian short
casey_plett	canadian canadian
archibald_gordon,_5th_marquess_of_aberdeen_and_temair	british deaths
don_novello	american male
chris_stedman	american from
claude_ollier	french french novelists
borisav_stanković	serbian deaths
mike_sussman_:tv_series_writer/producer	american people
merch_bradt_stewart	american from
mariusz_kotowski	living people
myriam_francois-cerrah	living people writers
günter_wallraff	german births
gustavo_charif	people births
donald_k.fry	american of
h.g.carrillo	american american
edle_hartmann	norwegian deaths
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
marjorie_lewty	british women novelists
craig_seymour	american births
hasan_azizul_huq	bangladeshi of
deborah_eisenberg	american from
dhirubhai_thaker	indian from
miervaldis_birze	people deaths
andrew_murray_:minister	dutch deaths
dwayne_wayans	american male
acharya_chatursen_shastri	20th-century male
amy_peikoff	american from
abdul_qavi_desnavi	indian from
alicia_tindal_palmer	19th-century women writers
alain_leroy_locke	american from
h.warner_munn	american american novelists
pat_brown_:criminal_profiler	american women writers
alex_kendrick	american male
michael_scott_:irish_author	irish irish
duncan_weller	canadian canadian novelists
mike_leigh	english male
david_leavitt	american american
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
derrick_o'keefe	canadian from
amalie_benjamin	american from
robert_thurman	american from
douglas_adams	english from
elizabeth_carpenter	american from
bernard_goldberg	american from
bonnie_macbird	american of writers
richard_sharpe_shaver	american american short
david_icke	english of
alicia_tindal_palmer	19th-century women writers
barbara_m.joosse	american of writers
peter_ocko	american television writers
brent_budowsky	american from
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
maria_jacquemetton	american television writers
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
don_southerton	american births
marjorie_lewty	british women novelists
mark_nuckols	american of
nicole_dubuc	american television
corsino_fortes	cape verdean
charlotte_brown_:producer	american television writers
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
maría_luisa_elío	spanish from
charles_mudede	american from
pat_condell	english educated
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
graham_hancock	british writers
marilyn_suzanne_miller	american television
hassan_poladi	living births
mykola_kulish	ukrainian from
giorgio_van_straten	italian italian
alice_furlong	irish women
hermann_goedsche	19th-century deaths
deborah_robertson	australian short story
alfred_machin_:writer	people of
henrik_pontoppidan	ecuadorian deaths
patrick_maher_:writer	american male
mark_rowlands	british writers
peter_ling	english births
nagendra_narayan_choudhury	indian from
robert_byron	people of
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
gerry_davis_:screenwriter	british births
gordon_lish	american american novelists
helen_kendrick_johnson	people deaths
daniil_andreyev	russian male
noo_saro-wiwa	british of
günter_ruch	german male
emmanuel_f.lacaba	filipino births
nina_berberova	russian russian
gabrielle_carey	australian from
pinki_virani	indian from
richard_reeves_:american_writer	american people
brandon_peterson	american births
daniel_nester	american from
patrick_white	australian short
pierre_assouline	french births
claire_castillon	french women writers
goffredo_parise	italian male
ernst_heilborn	german german
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
edmund_goulding	people film
dave_erickson	american television writers
phil_ford_:writer	british television
premchand	indian from
reginald_hill	english of
mervyn_peake	english from
nobuo_kojima	south births
geeta_dharmarajan	indian women
eric_kaplan	american from
herminio_portell_vilá	puerto deaths
barbara_cooney	american from
aurora_levins_morales	american american
ian_maxtone-graham	american television
peter_simpson_:writer	new of
celia_thaxter	american american
alison_uttley	english births
peadar_toner_mac_fhionnlaoich	people deaths
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
arthur_richman	american from
peter_bergman_:comedian	american from
gisèle_prassinos	20th-century women
pj_manney	21st-century women
dan_harmon	american television
michael_krogmann	american people
anna_jansson	swedish women
camara_laye	20th-century novelists
netta_syrett	english english
alija_isaković	bosnia from
angela_amato_velez	american television birth
ridgwell_cullum	20th-century women
gary_victor	haitian dramatists
david_astle	australian australian
mark_shand	people of
paul_merton	english male
arkadiy_belinkov	russian writers
demetria_daniels	american women writers
ed_subitzky	american male
benjah	american male
parnell_hall_:writer	american american novelists
rebecca_walker	american women
giorgio_faletti	italian births
bruce_marshall	people of
agnes_herbert	british of
giannina_braschi	american women
charmian_london	american from
anthony_burgess	english from
g.willow_wilson	american american novelists
per_jan_ingebrigtsen	norwegian births
elie_wiesel	american american
michael_vosse	american births
holly_black	american women novelists
brad_linaweaver	american american novelists
allan_sherman	american from
marguerite_henry	american women novelists
albert_alberts	dutch dutch
regina_weinreich	living people
david_milofsky	american american short
dilman_dila	ugandan women
marek_kohn	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
rebecca_solnit	american women
radomir_konstantinović	20th-century from
evelyn_patuawa-nathan	new of writers
harold_acton	english of
atis_kronvalds	people deaths
eugene_fodor_:writer	american from
dasari_subrahmanyam	indian writers
conrado_nalé_roxlo	argentine male
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
nick_arnold	british people
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
anne_marriott	canadian women
andre_dubus	american american novelists
hannah_mary_rothschild	english of
narayan_govind_chapekar	indian from
charles_steggall	english deaths
elizabeth_sarnoff	american television writers
claire_legrand	american women novelists
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
bill_thompson_:technology_writer	english of
donna_williams	australian from
charles_willeford	american from
malek_bennabi	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
henriette_arendt	swedish women
r._d._low	british from
alex_flinn	american women novelists
david_boyd_haycock	english births
peter_rabe	american american novelists
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
beatríz_peniche_barrera	mexican women writers
eliza_sproat_turner	american american
eric_dando	australian short story
charles_fox_:jazz_critic	english births
anne-marie_cazalis	french women writers
marie_rutkoski	american from
amber_benson	american women writers
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
pierre_broodcoorens	belgian deaths
humayun_kabir_dhali	bangladeshi people
don_payne_:writer	american from
fernando_gonzález_:writer	cambodian deaths
charles_newman_:author	american from
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
nathan_fielder	canadian from
nazir_ahmad_dehlvi	indian from
marcello_di_cintio	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
han_bi-ya	american people
mohammed_hasan_alwan	living people
anvita_dutt_guptan	indian from
angelina_muñiz-huberman	mexican women
peter_plantec	american of birth
gerry_conway	american male
nev_fountain	english of writers
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
henri_queffélec	french male
ernst_hinterberger	people from
alix_kates_shulman	21st-century women novelists
fujisawa_shu	japanese births
danny_baker	english educated
bernard_maclaverty	scottish of
robert_beauvais	french deaths
micha_josef_berdyczewski	russian writers
elliott_holt	21st-century american novelists
antje_rávic_strubel	german women writers
garrett_fort	american male novelists
pravrajika_vrajaprana	american women writers
ashley_rindsberg	american male
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
daniel_galera	brazilian novelists
riad_ismat	syrian of
elizabeth_kata	australian women
philippe_langlois	people births
alphie_mccourt	american from
georges_baal	hungarian from
ahmet_zappa	american male
quim_monzó	spanish births
robert_karjel	living births
branka_jurca	slovenian from
melissa_bradshaw	english of
edward_m.brecher	american from
chaitanya_tamhane	indian film directors
pravrajika_vrajaprana	american women writers
carlos_dews	american from
mary_kay_zuravleff	american american
emmanuel_bourdieu	french french
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
raymond_allen_:scriptwriter	english births
bert_coules	british of
alexander_macleod_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
mile_markovski	people deaths
ed_earl_repp	american american short
ricky_lo	filipino people
nilmoni_phukan_:senior	asom from
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
miranda_lee	australian women writers
richard_rodriguez	american from
anna-leena_härkönen	20th-century women
hannah_tinti	21st-century women novelists
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
daniel_quinn	american american novelists
elena_torre	italian women writers
edith_thacher_hurd	american women writers
nate_jackson	living births
dave_hood	american male
charles-albert_demoustier	french deaths
richard_grayson_:writer	american university
mulraj_rajda	indian births
emily_holton	canadian canadian
denys_val_baker	english of
george_ade	american american
peter_elliot	american male
al_feldstein	american from
eleanor_millard	canadian canadian short
marianne_nunn	people births
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
bergljot_hobæk_haff	20th-century women writers
chintha_ravi	indian male
adele_megann	21st-century women short
maurice_mierau	canadian from
peter_gross_:comics	living people
e.nelson_bridwell	american comics
andrey_aldan-semenov	russian russian
ghassan_kanafani	20th-century novelists
alison_weir	british of
mu_shiying	20th-century from
eleanor_millard	canadian canadian short
mayumi_inaba	people births
riad_ismat	syrian of
dani_michaeli	american male
michel_bussi	french french
marion_lennox	australian women writers
marty_feldman	english male
david_w.potter	british of
hamid_dizdar	bosnia and
danny_zuker	american television writers
herbert_leslie_gee	english births
mya_than_tint	burmese births
david_seals	american american novelists
azariah_southworth	american from
alan_landsburg	american from
anthon_bang	norwegian deaths
arthur_bernard_lewis	american television
helen_darville	australian australian
aleš_berger	slovenian from
r._c._lehmann	people of
carlo_collodi	italian italian
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
don_marti	year of birth
miguel_syjuco	living people
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
patrea_smallacombe	australian women writers
heloise_:columnist	american from
marco_malvaldi	marcus malvaldi is an american writer writer and and
maria_mutch	canadian canadian novelists
margaret_maron	american women novelists
harold_brodkey	american from
edward_litt_laman_blanchard	english deaths
adolf_fischhof	people male
gopala_chandra_praharaj	indian from
charlie_angus	canadian from
borys_hrinchenko	ukrainian deaths
daniel_woodrell	american from novelists
alexander_stein	russian male
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
d'arcy_mcnickle	american american
alphonse_olterdissen	people births
christopher_paul_baker	people of
adam_maxwell	english births
phil_lollar	american births
eliza_ruhamah_scidmore	american from
henry_miller	american from
amanda_hesser	canadian births
brigitte_reimann	german women writers
andrew_kaufman	canadian of birth
alba_de_céspedes_y_bertini	20th-century women
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
michael_erard	year of birth
patrick_clarke	american from
mervyn_wall	irish irish
robert_mccloskey	american from
denys_val_baker	english of
abdullah_abdul_kadir	malaysian writers
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
nuno_bernardo	american television
gert_hofmann	20th-century from
bakdi_soemanto	indonesian writers
cristin_o'keefe_aptowicz	american from
chris_kelly_:writer	american of
pierre_assouline	french births
grace_randolph	american comics
ian_watson_:author	people of novelists
hermann_kasack	german german
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
adele_megann	21st-century women short
mark_schultz_:comics	american comics
claw_money	american from
raphaël_millet	french births
danielle_walker	american women
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
pierre_mertens	belgian births
melinda_hsu_taylor	american of writers
raphael_draccon	people births
denton_welch	english of
erica_messer	american television writers
adolfo_bioy_casares	argentine births
matthew_randazzo_v	american births
raffaello_baldini	german from
david_a.goodman	american television writers
mohamed_adel_abdelaziz	egyptian people
harold_acton	english of
marnix_gijsen	flemish from
phillipe-ignace_françois_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
enrico_borla	italian births
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
pradeep_sarkar	indian film
mark_shand	people of
gail_tredwell	australian births
benudhar_rajkhowa	asom from
avdo_karabegović	bosnia and
françoise_parturier	french women writers
maud_newton	american women
ariel_levy	american american
p._balachandran	indian male
anatoly_serep	chuvash deaths
peter_de_rome	american births
mary_lamb	19th-century women
don_dickinson	canadian canadian novelists
catherine_yronwode	american from
graham_swift	english male
bernard_noël	french french novelists
george_wilbur_peck	american from
robert_fisk	people of
ota_pavel	austrian births
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
niel_bushnell	english births
furman_bisher	american from
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
elliot_greenebaum	american from
dwight_macdonald	american from
rick_ungar	american male
ben_moor_:writer	english male
dave_godfrey	canadian from
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
george_woodcock	canadian from
henrietta_christian_wright	american children's
carolyn_reeder	american women novelists
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
gail_gibbons	american of writers
candace_fleming	american women writers
george_william_curtis	american american
robert_kanigher	american comics
erik_larsen	american comics
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
bruce_jones_:comics	american male short
henry_rice_:writer	british births
marie-anne_de_bovet	french women writers
margaret_ashmun	american from
gérard_klein	french births fiction
chuck_lorre	american television
marie_gasquet	french women writers
nancy_cato	20th-century women
ayako_ikeda	american births
hilda_twongyeirwe	ugandan women
fernando_gonçalves_namora	people births
bruce_bawer	american from
mihail_șerban_:writer	romanian novelists
auguste_lorieux	french deaths
arturo_lanocita	italian births
mercy_otis_warren	american american
douglas_messerli	american male novelists
hermann_hager	german births
hubert_harrison	american of
mercer_simpson	people of
barbara_albert	austrian male
navid_kermani	living births
pat_brown_:criminal_profiler	american women writers
masaki_tsuji	japanese births
amanda_browning	women romantic fiction
claude_mckay	people people
honobu_yonezawa	japanese short
dinesh_chandra_sen	bengali deaths
aidan_higgins	irish short
giovanni_arduino_:author	italian births
p._balachandran	indian male
henri-françois_rey	french male
muratsan	armenian deaths
gidugu_venkata_ramamoorty	indian writers
piri_thomas	american american
edgar_valter	people deaths
earl_mindell	american from
petar_pjesivac	australian births
mike_leigh	english male
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
gheorghe_vodă	moldovan writers
allison_silberberg	american women writers
alexander_ross_:writer	people births
pío_baroja	spanish births
gabrielle_carey	australian from
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
bill_coffin	american from
marjorie_harris	canadian from
hertha_pohl	austrian births
henriette_mantel	american from
carolyn_reeder	american women novelists
nisi_shawl	american american novelists
mitchell_burgess	american television writers
dorit_rabinyan	israeli novelists
allan_sealy	indian from
robert_svoboda	american from
rajat_arora	indian film
amber_dawn	21st-century women
bernie_west	american from
david_ohle	american from novelists
baird_t.spalding	american births
geneviève_billette	canadian canadian novelists
martin_waddell	australian births
camilla_cederna	italian women
dušan_čater	slovenian from
ransom_riggs	american people
anakana_schofield	canadian women writers
august_alle	estonian deaths
caroline_healey_dall	american american
edgar_wallace	english male
alan_armstrong	american american novelists
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
nor_sanavongsay	american people
greg_potter	american of writers
richard_strange	english male
anne_eyre_worboys	20th-century women novelists
enrique_dussel	argentine from
petraq_zoto	20th-century short
brendan_foley	canadian of writers
alan_dean_foster	american american novelists
panteleimon_kulish	ukrainian deaths
mark_evans_:comedian/writer	british of
marie_phillips	living births
nick_twinamatsiko	ugandan women
elisabeth_axmann	romanian births
catherine_deveny	australian from
neil_smith_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
daven_michaels	american of birth
chintha_ravi	indian male
antonio_acevedo_hernández	male dramatists
camille_lemonnier	belgian deaths
bernard_goldberg	american from
rebecca_greer	american women
monika_zgustová	living women
howard_chaykin	american from
michael_atkinson_:writer	living people
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
himanish_goswami	indian writers
claude_mckay	people people
peter_morgan	english of
robert_d.cardona	american television
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
hélène_rioux	canadian women
g.willow_wilson	american american novelists
george_jonas	canadian from
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
danuta_gleed	20th-century women novelists
dionis_bubani	albanian albanian
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
ginn_hale	american american short
percival_everett	american american
george_thengummoottil	indian births
attila_henrik_szabó	hungarian male
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
eudora_welty	american american
hezekiah_butterworth	american children's
alex_haley	american from
andrei_strâmbeanu	moldovan writers
mary_louisa_molesworth	19th-century women
elizabeth_anne_finn	people deaths
george_saunders	american from
anvita_dutt_guptan	indian from
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
pamela_aidan	21st-century women novelists
pavao_posilović	bosnia and herzegovina
quim_barreiros	living people
bertram_brooker	canadian from
alfonso_rumazo_gonzález	chilean deaths
craig_lancaster	american male
pedro_balmaceda	ecuadorian deaths
randolph_stow	australian australian
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
neal_thompson	living people
rebecca_walker	american women
nasir_abbas_nayyar	pakistani births
michael_barnes_:canadian_author	canadian of
dennis_denisoff	canadian from
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
harald_parigger	german women writers
fyodor_stepun	russian deaths
mike_carey_:writer	english of
matias_masucci	italian male
christoph_von_schmid	german women
allan_zullo	american of birth
randy_cohen	american of
aaron_mcgruder	american from
neil_tolkin	canadian of birth
george_anania	romanian novelists
narayan_singh_bhati	indian writers
christopher_story	british of
mitch_berman	american american novelists
eric_mitchell_:filmmaker	american film
hsu_shin	burmese deaths
george_cockings	people births
charles_dickens	english male
craig_hinton	20th-century short
marita_bonner	american american
anatol_codru	moldovan births
heidi_macdonald	american of birth
dolores_alexander	american from
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
domingo_del_monte	austrian women
ada_cambridge	australian women
david_mason_:writer	american american
franz_kafka	austrian births
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
alexander_chee	american of novelists
michael_jecks	21st-century women novelists
grant_blackwood	american american novelists
hilton_als	american of
afdhere_jama	american from
rachel_kushner	21st-century american novelists
alice_sebold	21st-century women
felicity_dowker	australian from
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
david_weir_:writer	british births
david_chase	american television
richard_strange	english male
hortense_allart	19th-century women writers
bill_corbett	american male
peter_cheyney	english deaths
albert_mannheimer	american male
meliza_bañales	american women
anthony_burgess	english from
margarete_kollisch	20th-century women
david_barr_kirtley	american american novelists
pavao_pavličić	croatian novelists
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
christopher_story	british of
arnold_drake	american comics
abigail_pogrebin	american from
francis_george_fowler	english births
dagmar_von_mutius	20th-century women writers
margo_glantz	mexican women
mohammad_mokhtari_:writer	iranian from
h.l.dusadh	indian from
bettina_von_arnim	german deaths
ed_hale	american of writers
diana_e.h.russell	south african
elizabeth_bevarly	american romantic novelists
agnes_sligh_turnbull	american from
claude_joseph_dorat	french births writers
ihsan_abdel_quddous	burmese births
philip_ó_ceallaigh	irish women
beatrice_schenk_de_regniers	american births writers
hrishikesh_sulabh	indian male
corsino_fortes	cape verdean
fernando_ponce_de_león	brazilian novelists
robert_blees	american from
mehdi_halıcı	turkish births
nancy_holder	american women novelists
c.b.colby	american from
philippe-joseph_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
beverly_cleary	american from
dan_mcdaid	british births
chittaranjan_nepali	bangladeshi of is
elsa_kazi	pakistani births
alex_law	american comics writers
andy_stanton	english of writers
božena_němcová	austrian women
henri_chantavoine	french deaths
hannah_mary_rothschild	english of
ghada_al-samman	syrian writers
mary_turzillo	21st-century american novelists
maría_dueñas	spanish women
georges_baal	hungarian from
craig_lancaster	american male
paul_s._newman	american comics
peter_gibson_:writer	american male
balduin_möllhausen	german deaths
brian_lumley	english english
alfred_andersch	german of
demetrios_bernardakis	venezuelan births
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
aleš_berger	slovenian from
bill_bauer_:poet	canadian from
antonio_alatorre	20th-century from
dharanidhar_sahu	indian writers
arthur_bernard_lewis	american television
glenn_rockowitz	american from
panio_gianopoulos	american of
markus_zusak	australian from
gertrude_bell	english of
colin_dexter	english of
peter_moore_smith	american of novelists
michael_mcquarn	american television writers
grazia_deledda	italian women
guadalupe_nettel	21st-century women
harry_leslie_smith	english of
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
doug_momary	american television
nor_sanavongsay	american people
rajiva_wijesinha	south of
gene_deweese	american american novelists
patricia_ryan_:author	american women novelists
ellen_hinsey	american writers
catherine_lacey_:author	american american
fiston_mwanza_mujila	21st-century women
mohan_deep	living people
nahum_benari	israeli jews
holly_golightly_:comics	american comics
maria_parr	living births
henriette_arendt	swedish women
deborah_colker	brazilian births
c.s.lakshmi	indian indian
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
andrés_henestrosa	mexican births
debbie_barham	english educated
manveen_sandhu	malaysian writers was
claude_faraggi	french births
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
elisabeth_borchers	20th-century women
henry_james	american male
ebrahim_al-arrayedh	people deaths
pío_baroja	spanish births
harvey_pekar	american from
helena_cobban	british of
peter_bieri_:author	living births
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
alexander_chee	american of novelists
boyd_clack	canadian people
garrett_fort	american male novelists
mildred_barya	ugandan women
michael_barnes_:canadian_author	canadian of
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
catherine_lacey_:author	american american
helen_van_pelt_wilson	american from
daniel_woodrell	american from novelists
dennis_spooner	english births
mirza_adeeb	pakistani from
paul_elie	living people
elisabeth_augustin	20th-century women
peter_lovesey	english short
marjabelle_young_stewart	american births
imad_rahman	american of
mohammed_arav_bessaoud	2nd-century deaths
genevieve_foster	american from
deborah_eisenberg	american from
mary_de_morgan	19th-century women
reginald_campbell	british births
avrom_reyzen	american deaths
brian_leung_:author	american of
dominick_dunne	american from
herbert_huncke	american from
iain_finlayson	scottish births
florencio_varela_:writer	albanian male
constance_hale	american women writers
antoine_de_rivarol	french french
charlie_williams_:british_writer	english births
michael_hanlon	people of
adolf_fierla	polish from
dorothy_allison	american women
frank_asch	american from
robert_draper	american births
faaiz_anwar	indian writers
ramkumar_mukhopadhyay	indian writers
mehdi_azar_yazdi	iranian births
andrei_sinyavsky	soviet short
grigory_baklanov	russian short
michael_szameit	italian male
christine_harris_:author	australian women writers
eyvind_johnson	swedish from
claude_ollier	french french novelists
blanche_d'alpuget	20th-century women
federico_andahazi	argentine argentine
bob_haney	american age
guy_davenport	american american
nancy_phelan	20th-century women
massimo_carlotto	italian births
amy_hempel	american from
nur-eldeen_masalha	living births
christine_boylan	american television writers
ed_waters	american male
randa_abdel-fattah	australian people
nandini_sidda_reddy	indian writers
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
mary_agria	21st-century american novelists
alice_dayrell_caldeira_brant	brazilian deaths
emily_underdown	english women
harold_brodkey	american from
henri_queffélec	french male
catherine_mavrikakis	canadian canadian novelists
ignace_lepp	french deaths
michelle_delio	year of birth
andrés_caicedo	male short
allison_silberberg	american women writers
reinhold_weege	american television
michel_ocelot	french births
henriette_gislesen	norwegian norwegian
danuta_gleed	20th-century women novelists
ningombam_bupenda_meitei	indian from
faranak_margolese	american people
betty_neels	20th-century women novelists
martyn_park	australian births
fazillah_abdul_gaffa	south births
céline_renooz	belgian belgian
hal_clement	american science novelists
alvin_toffler	american from
oscar_saul	american deaths
andré_pieyre_de_mandiargues	french french
richard_strange	english male
halil_jaçellari	albanian short
hortense_calisher	american american
hugo_rodríguez-alcalá	paraguayan deaths
mithileshwar	living people
christy_brown	irish deaths
alexandre_del_valle	french people
mateo_frazier	american births
devin_k.grayson	american comics
humberto_costantini	argentine women
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
richard_montanari	american american novelists
oliver_onions	english male
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
crescenzo_alatri	italian italian
mike_dash	british writers
charles_burleigh_galbreath	american births
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
david_kalstone	american from
eric_kaplan	american from
eugene_jolas	american american
brian_burland	people births
dibyendu_palit	indian of
mary_stolz	american women novelists
giuseppe_berto	italian italian
anna_piaggi	italian women
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
evald_flisar	slovenian from
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
aaron_ehasz	american television writers
amrita_pritam	indian from
harold_rosenberg	american from
ernest_thompson	american from
charles_dickens	english male
donna_tartt	american women
ariel_levy	american american
amir_muhammad_:director	british births
paula_pell	american television writers
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
georgi_vladimov	russian writers
brandon_friedman	american from
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
hervé_bazin	french french
hannah_louise_shearer	american women novelists
derek_blasberg	american from
carl_wilhelm_böttiger	swedish swedish
pam_veasey	american television writers
helen_kendrick_johnson	people deaths
margery_latimer	american american novelists
enzo_siciliano	italian male
elisabeth_borchers	20th-century women
august_derleth	american american novelists
champat_rai_jain	people births
charles_barton_:legal_writer	people deaths
david_malouf	australian short
marguerite_rawalt	american deaths
robert_asch	english educated
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
maurice_g._dantec	french french novelists
harut_sassounian	american deaths
charles_corm	dutch deaths
paul_wayne	canadian people
nagen_saikia	indian indian
rené_lapierre	canadian canadian novelists
franz_borkenau	austrian deaths
barbara_delinsky	21st-century women novelists
gudlavalleti_chalapati_rao	indian from
afdlin_shauki	malaysian deaths
bushra_elfadil	pakistani from
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
galina_shergova	recipients of
brendan_hay	american male
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
peter_de_rome	american births
chito_s.roño	belgian film
marta_kauffman	american male
arnulfo_trejo	american american
alexandra_sviridova	russian women writers
meagan_mckinney	21st-century women novelists
andrés_caicedo	male short
françois_weyergans	french births
bruno_podalydès	french male
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
froma_harrop	american women
debi_gliori	21st-century women writers
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
iain_morris	english births
eoghan_mahony	american television birth
christianne_meneses_jacobs	american of
dave_smeds	american american short
allison_silberberg	american women writers
femi_osofisan	south african
noo_saro-wiwa	british of
emily_holton	canadian canadian
paula_fox	american women novelists
henry_clark_barlow	english male
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
henry_theodore_tuckerman	american american
georges_pillement	french births
emma_romeu	australian of
dmitry_gordon	ukrainian births
bruce_bawer	american from
norman_lear	american from
angus_allan	people births
n._khelchandra_singh	indian from
petr_placák	living births
helen_kendrick_johnson	people deaths
emmanuel_bove	french male
nabarun_bhattacharya	indian of
bob_tischler	american television writers
dominique_de_roux	french births
robert_musil	20th-century women
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
pierre_daninos	20th-century french
edmundo_paz_soldán	american births
patrick_califia	american from
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
plum_johnson	canadian canadian writers
edward_kopówka	polish from
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
george_eckstein	american television
mikhail_albov	russian russian
nikolai_virta	russian male
brandon_mull	american of
mohammed_rateb_al-nabulsi	living writers
henry_dumas	american from
diego_odoh_okenyodo	saudi births
dim_zupan	slovenian from
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
hugh_howey	american american novelists
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
florence_noiville	french french
camilla_gibb	21st-century women novelists
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
mathoor_krishnamurty	indian of
philippe_de_commines	french male
günter_ruch	german male
barbara_grier	american women
raphaël_tardon	french male
nagendra_narayan_choudhury	indian from
elizabeth_lambert	20th-century women novelists
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
martin_hyun	living births
richmond_shepard	american births
ignacio_mariscal	austrian deaths
marilyn_roberts	british of
david_milch	american from
bill_prady	american television
peter_laird	american comics
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
don_dagradi	american male
nagavally_r._s._kurup	indian film
pierre_béarn	french french
barry_pilton	english educated
alan_cheuse	american american short
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
david_eddie	canadian from
ann_chamberlin	21st-century women novelists
mutlaq_hamid_al-otaibi	saudi arabian
amy_wright_:writer	american women
adèle_geras	20th-century women novelists
richard_cumyn	canadian canadian novelists
carol_bishop-gwyn	canadian women
bal_samant	indian writers
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
helena_araújo	21st-century short
chris_lang	english male
niccolò_tucci	american short
raquel_verdesoto	ecuadorian deaths
patricia_ryan_:author	american women novelists
netta_syrett	english english
desmond_hogan	irish short
mary_agria	21st-century american novelists
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
pingali_nagendrarao	indian from
nick_stone_:author	21st-century people
maría_lejárraga	polish male
micki_dickoff	american of birth
nora_bossong	german women
chintapalli_ramana	indian of birth
chandramathi	indian indian
anna_pappritz	german deaths
arnold_zweig	german of
nigar_rafibeyli	azerbaijani novelists
dan_lusthaus	american of
hamid_khan_:lawyer	pakistani births
antonia_ridge	scottish deaths
christine_brückner	german women
patrick_white	australian short
eduard_limonov	russian male
dominic_green_:writer_and_musician	australian births
gregg_kavet	american television writers
mihkel_raud	living births
cedar_sigo	american american
emmanuel_itier	french film directors
michael_jackson_:writer	english educated
alan_bradley_:writer	21st-century from
emil_benčík	spanish from
nadia_wheatley	australian women
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
christianna_brand	20th-century women novelists
bob_rozakis	american comics
norman_wong	american of
robert_t.jeschonek	american american short
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
hortense_calisher	american american
eyvind_johnson	swedish from
christopher_fowler	english births
armas_äikiä	ukrainian deaths
apuleius	2nd-century romans
hart_amos	australian births
gary_demar	american from writers
boris_pahor	people of
marek_hłasko	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
allister_sparks	south african
cyril_posthumus	marc posthumus was a
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
dean_lorey	american television
david_edelsten	british of
anna_de_noailles	french french
mary_anne_burges	people women
hannah_tinti	21st-century women novelists
richard_pursel	american people
caleb_garling	american from
arthur_bárdos	hungarian male
bhalchandra_nemade	indian writers
douglas_adams	english from
paul_rieckhoff	american from
nathan_birnbaum	austrian deaths
paul_chaplin	american television writers
rafe_champion	australian births
daven_michaels	american of birth
rajesh_vankar	indian writers
michael_herr	american from
gwyn_thomas_:novelist	20th-century short
max_blecher	romanian novelists
ellen_hollond	19th-century women writers
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
cynthia_kadohata	american women writers
abhilash_chandran_r	indian writers
arthur_c.clarke	english from
bill_carter	american film directors
daniel_ford_:editor_and_writer	south african writers
robert_harling_:writer	american male
anna_seghers	german of
anna_seghers	german of
andrew_j.mckiernan	australian australian
bernard_marshall	american from
nagendra_narayan_choudhury	indian from
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
rob_kutner	american people
hans_krieger	german german
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
diane_fanning	american of novelists
howard_white_:writer	canadian from
david_icke	english of
nikolai_garin-mikhailovsky	russian russian
ernest_holmes	american from
mykola_kulish	ukrainian from
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
anton_ingolič	slovenian from
arshavir_shirakian	armenian deaths
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
mark_gruenwald	american comics
melissa_harris-perry	american from
carl_sonnenschein	german deaths
alexandre_dumas	french french
rebecca_abe	german women writers
neal_shusterman	american american novelists
david_eddings	american american novelists
dhruva_chatterjee	indian births
helen_darville	australian australian
donald_goines	american from
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
harold_acton	english of
mary_elizabeth_hawker	19th-century women
daniel_pennac	french french
bryan_elsley	british births
richard_cumyn	canadian canadian novelists
ibrahim_al-buleihi	saudi arabian
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
charles_dickens	english male
minfong_ho	living people
aaron_shure	american television writers
richard_gwyn_:welsh_writer	british writers
graham_salisbury	american from
baltasar_porcel	spanish births
chaman_nahal	indian from
paul_petit_:writer	french deaths
michael_aitkens	english male
motohiko_izawa	japanese japanese
peter_ho_davies	british of
amos_oz	israeli novelists
peter_bradshaw	english births
mohammad-ja'far_pouyandeh	iranian writers
mend-ooyo_gombojav	living writers
gilles_leroy	21st-century essayists
harry_cross_:sportswriter	american from
francis_ryck	french male
anton_hansen_tammsaare	20th-century novelists
blu_de_golyer	american male
esther_seligson	mexican women
mark_shand	people of
aziz_nesin	turkish births
alan_moore	english births
gore_vidal	american from
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
peter_coleman	australian of
h.g.wells	english of
n._khelchandra_singh	indian from
pavel_yakushkin	russian writers
peter_demant	russian male
marie-anne_desmarest	french women writers
giovanni_battista_cavalcaselle	italian italian
andrew_michael_hurley	british of birth missing
paul_reboux	french male
mosse_jørgensen	norwegian births
g.b.senanayake	20th-century lankan
ping_lu	21st-century women
a.a.gill	british of
geling_yan	american people
harry_browne	american from
gourahari_das	indian from
farley_mowat	canadian from
ed_earl_repp	american american short
hector_malot	19th-century deaths
nguyễn_ngọc_ngạn	canadian from
ed_lin	american american short
meliza_bañales	american women
barry_oakley	australian australian
mazarine_pingeot	french french
michel_dard	french births
matt_k._lewis	american of
deborah_eisenberg	american from
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
anne_bragance	21st-century women writers
elizabeth_julia_hasell	people women
ed_waters	american male
graeme_k.talboys	english births
norman_grubb	english births
mary_e._pearson	american of writers
enrique_dussel	argentine from
anabela_basalo	serbian of
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
park_jeong-dae	south korean
gabrielle_lord	australian women
michael_seitzman	american births
carole_l.glickfeld	american of
harry_rowohlt	german from
mary_hocking	20th-century women
dana_johnson	american short
anita_nair	20th-century indian
c.d.payne	american american novelists
branislav_crnčević	serbian deaths
chris_zook	american of
al_hewetson	canadian from
catherine_lucy_innes	new zealand writers
noël_godin	belgian births
d.v.gundappa	indian from
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
mbongeni_ngema	south births
humayun_kabir_dhali	bangladeshi people
claire_keegan	21st-century short
patricia_maldonado	brazilian births
robert_haven_schauffler	american from
andy_borowitz	american from
mile_markovski	people deaths
nar-dos	armenian armenian
charles_angell_bradford	british of
matthew_dickens	american male
michael_vosse	american births
egil_børre_johnsen	norwegian births
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
christopher_matthew	people educated
aurania_rouverol	american women
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
alberto_barrera_tyszka	croatian novelists
bob_ellis	australian from
devon_monk	american women novelists
ricardo_barreiro	argentine male
darchhawna	indian from
iain_finlayson	scottish births
nadia_wheatley	australian women
hannah_mary_rothschild	english of
erik_p.kraft	american of birth
dinesh_chandra_goswami	people births
ashley_rindsberg	american male
michael_ferguson_:director	british television
benjamin_braidley	english deaths
margaret_pargeter	year romantic birth
cendrine_wolf	french women writers
arthur_richman	american from
philip_shelby	american people
peter_høeg	argentine births
bill_bauer_:poet	canadian from
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
anabel_ochoa	spanish births
alda_merini	italian women writers
chris_bachelder	american from
matt_granfield	australian births
amos_oz	israeli novelists
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
marvin_albert	american american novelists
martiros_of_crimea	year of birth
alastair_mcintosh	scottish of
mehdi_halıcı	turkish births
robert_frazier_:writer	american science short
amanda_browning	women romantic fiction
nicole_dubuc	american television
christopher_story	british of
alfredo_armas_alfonzo	venezuelan births
robert_draper	american births
constantin_göttfert	people births
michelle_cartlidge	living people
brian_hargrove	american television
gwion_hallam	british of is
eoin_mcnamee	australian from
nikolai_uspensky	russian russian
david_ruprecht	american from
pyotr_gnedich	russian russian
emmanuel_f.lacaba	filipino births
ed_husain	british of
muratsan	armenian deaths
patrick_white	australian short
alyson_richman	american of novelists
dennis_o'neil	american comics
evelyn_m.richardson	canadian women novelists
rené_hausman	people births
gwen_grant	english of
hermann_broch	austrian deaths
charles_dickens	english male
chromatic_:programmer	american people writers
philip_r._craig	american american novelists
don_naylor	american from
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
d'arcy_mcnickle	american american
mary_lee_settle	american american
elvia_ardalani	mexican births
ralph_chaplin	american deaths
mikhail_dostoyevsky	russian russian
david_williams_:author	american of birth
amos_tutuola	20th-century births
alexei_sholokhov	russian births
charles_de_lint	21st-century from novelists
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
h.g.carrillo	american american
richard_glatzer	american from
hermann_hager	german births
nancy_garden	21st-century women writers
omar_mouallem	canadian births
adam_beechen	american male
andré_breton	french deaths
abdurrahman_sharafkandi	serbian writers
bolwar_mahammad_kunhi	indian male
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
elliot_greenebaum	american from
bhargavaram_viththal_varerkar	marathi-language deaths
arthur_malkin	english births
caroline_dale_snedeker	american from
boris_schreiber	french deaths
phil_klay	american from
george_malcher	british of
ayako_fujitani	japanese births
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
michael_carrington_:voice_actor	american television writers
hashir_mohamed	living births
norvell_w._page	american american short
pacho_o'donnell	argentine births
alexander_chee	american of novelists
pierre_bellemare	french male
rebecca_walker	american women
diane_carey	american women novelists
multatuli	dutch deaths
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
emma_richler	21st-century canadian short
georges_baal	hungarian from
phillipe-ignace_françois_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
gene_deweese	american american novelists
mark_waid	american comics
meto_jovanovski_:writer	living writers
rafael_reig	spanish people
bedhab_banarasi	people of
brad_falchuk	american television writers
david_a.mcintee	21st-century women writers
olivia_coolidge	american births
red_haircrow	living people
bejoy_nambiar	indian film directors
rich_johnston	year of birth
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
david_jacobs_:writer	american television writers
hugo_sonnenschein	german deaths
maria_louise_pool	american children's writers
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
gilbert_king_:author	american from
aline_valek	brazilian women
charles_stross	english science fiction
norman_franks	people births
mathur_krishnamurthy	telugu writers
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
mathilde_schjøtt	norwegian norwegian
amil_niazi	canadian women writers
chris_kraus_:american_writer	american from
marjorie_w._sharmat	american women writers
alaya_dawn_johnson	american women novelists
mike_leigh	english male
christine_beatty_:activist	american from
amélie_nothomb	belgian births
felice_picano	lgbt american
marvin_albert	american american novelists
afdhere_jama	american from
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
mitch_silpa	american male
félix_tanco	19th-century births
bertram_brooker	canadian from
andre_norton	american american novelists
blanca_de_lizaur	mexican women
balázs_orbán	people births
claude_ribbe	french births
colin_blumenau	british television
melinda_m._snodgrass	20th-century american novelists
myriam_joire	canadian births
farley_mowat	canadian from
claude_bourdet	german from
may_cutler	canadian women
frances_edmonds	year of birth missing
george_tabori	people from
mary_jo_pehl	american television
graeme_davis_:game_designer	video comics
glyn_moody	year of birth missing
florida_friebus	american from
flora_fraser_:writer	english of
n._mohanan	indian male
giovanni_arduino_:author	italian births
mark_waid	american comics
alex_haley	american from
radoje_domanović	serbian deaths
rasheed_ahmad_siddiqui	recipients from
fredrik_skagen	norwegian women writers
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
amiri_baraka	american from
emilio_rabasa	austrian deaths
richard_sharpe_shaver	american american short
douglas_adams	english from
david_m.alexander	american american novelists
rafael_arévalo_martínez	guatemalan women
bolwar_mahammad_kunhi	indian male
dahvi_waller	canadian from writers
michael_herr	american from
nick_mcdonell	american male
robert_byron	people of
regina_corrado	american television writers
alfred_h.bill	american american novelists
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
carmen_rico_godoy	people births
milo_dor	austrian male
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
omar_ben_salem	people births
consuelo_de_saint_exupéry	french french writers
philippe_claudel	french births
christopher_frey	german from
alfonso_gumucio_dagron	20th-century from
rebecca_rush	american children's novelists
miklós_vámos	hungarian from
curt_goetz	german male
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
achy_obejas	american american
raphaël_millet	french births
brett_borgen	norwegian women
graeme_k.talboys	english births
bhalchandra_nemade	indian writers
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
gregory_tesser	british births
andré_vianco	american of
andrei_bitov	russian male
august_derleth	american american novelists
dibyendu_palit	indian of
mirza_adeeb	pakistani from
berta_golob	slovenian births
ricky_lo	filipino people
iain_sinclair	alumni of
abraham_brumberg	israeli writers
margaret_wise_brown	american women
paula_gosling	21st-century women novelists
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
giorgio_pressburger	italian male
mary_maclane	canadian women
dan_jurgens	american comics
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
alice_borchardt	american women novelists
bill_james	american from
arturo_ambrogi	20th-century male
imad_rahman	american of
carole_bache	american deaths
bonnie_bowman	21st-century women novelists
robert_dean_frisbie	american from
monique_watteau	20th-century women writers
antony_jay	people of
c.s.rao_:writer	filipino births
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
patrick_süskind	german women
nicole_dubuc	american television
giuseppe_berto	italian italian
greg_potter	american of writers
edgar_allan_poe	american american
alice_borchardt	american women novelists
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
peter_weiss	german from
enzo_fileno_carabba	italian births writers
george_caragonne	people births
dan_rhodes	people of
candice_millard	american of
quim_monzó	spanish births
geoffrey_atherden	australian of writers
grigory_adamov	russian male
darnell_l.moore	american of
angelika_schrobsdorff	german german
denys_colomb_de_daunant	french births
michel_ocelot	french births
patricia_bernard	21st-century women writers
paul_levinson	american american
brad_linaweaver	american american novelists
eun_heekyung	south korean
anne_bishop	american women novelists
elizabeth_bevarly	american romantic novelists
brian_leyden	irish irish
h.d.couzens	american births
nathan_fielder	canadian from
mustafa_akyol	iranian people
céline_renooz	belgian belgian
elsa_kazi	pakistani births
rob_hood	australian births
nilmoni_phukan_:senior	asom from
brian_andreas	american american
david_mercer_:writer	american births
e.b.white	american from
daniel_ford_:editor_and_writer	south african writers
ayi_kwei_armah	american people
adam_niswander	american american short
frederick_exley	american from
andrea_jutson	21st-century women novelists
edhem_mulabdić	bosnia and
claudia_roth_pierpont	american american
charles_hugh_smith	american births
mircea_damian	romanian romanian
coleman_jacoby	american from
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
evelyn_waugh	english of
chinthana_dharmadasa	living births
femi_osofisan	south african
natalie_fox	living people writers
hanan_qassab_hassan	syrian of
gary_russell	english male
d.c.fontana	american from
miriam_roth	american people
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
rian_johnson	american television
rené_marqués	puerto rican
randolph_stow	australian australian
chandramathi	indian indian
antonia_hodgson	21st-century women writers
alasdair_gray	british of
ben_casnocha	year births is
ben_domenech	american from
balakumaran	indian indian
amanda_hesser	canadian births
marilyn_suzanne_miller	american television
danielle_trussoni	american from
peter_bacho	living people
andy_winter	year of birth
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
myrna_dey	canadian women novelists
mazarine_pingeot	french french
françois_sonkin	french french novelists
anwaar_ahmad	pakistani of
paul_griffiths_:director	living births
polly_devlin	living people
rick_copp	american from
angela_bianchini	italian women
diana_morgan_:novelist	american of novelists
ranjit_desai	indian from
otto_mainzer	german deaths
david_ruprecht	american from
matt_clark_:writer	american american short
dragomir_brajković	serbian from
connie_schultz	american from
dick_clement	english educated
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
christopher_landon	british births
howard_w.bergerson	american from
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
christopher_belton	21st-century of
danarto	indonesian births
daniel_vovak	american from
casey_plett	canadian canadian
paul_levitz	american comics
frédéric_dieudonné	french film
otto_tausig	austrian male
robert_coates_:critic	american american novelists
félix_tanco	19th-century births
barbara_love	american women writers
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
märta_helena_reenstierna	swedish swedish
adolfo_bioy_casares	argentine births
qudrat_ullah_shahab	pakistani of
fatima_besnaci-lancou	21st-century women writers
harriette_campbell	19th-century women
blake_bailey	american from
d'arcy_mcnickle	american american
christina_vella	american from
asma_gull_hasan	american of
alexandra_sellers	american of birth
christopher_riley	english births
grant_morrison	people of
martin_van_beynen	21st-century from
henriette_de_coligny_de_la_suze	french births
esther_averill	american women
mohinder_pratap_chand	indian from
nancy_kress	american american novelists
flavio_herrera	guatemalan short
nouritza_matossian	english births
oliver_la_farge	american american
robert_f.young	american male novelists
gerald_carr_:cartoonist	australian people
eoghan_mahony	american television birth
peter_bieri_:author	living births
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
peter_bander_van_duren	german deaths
alexander_belyaev	russian deaths
epeli_hauʻofa	australian of
mena_calthorpe	australian women
colin_dexter	english of
carry_van_bruggen	dutch from
olga_shapir	russian short
maynah_lewis	20th-century romantic novelists
gunilla_lundgren	swedish women
betty_friedan	american american
muhammad_husain_azad	indian from
ranjit_desai	indian from
ed_lin	american american short
mary_cappello	american of
anne_bishop	american women novelists
grazia_deledda	italian women
maureen_herman	living people
david_kushner	year of birth missing
artashes_kalantarian	armenian deaths
antonia_ridge	scottish deaths
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
felix_gilman	english male
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
farid_raymond-anthony	sierra leonean
paul_reed_:writer	american american
horace_kephart	american deaths
rick_copp	american from
george_monbiot	british of
robert_a.heinlein	american from
motilal_jotwani	indian writers
nan_chauncy	australian from
harold_brodkey	american from
paul_jenkins_:writer	living births
morag_joss	21st-century women writers
ben_stein	american male
eldridge_cleaver	american from
g.a.kulkarni	indian from
daniel_cerone	american television writers
nicolae_negru	moldovan writers
märta_tikkanen	swedish writers
debito_arudou	american from
dave_smeds	american american short
allen_varney	american from
mary_cappello	american of
don_roff	american male novelists
amiri_baraka	american from
pascal_bruckner	french french
max_allan_collins	american american novelists
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
evelyn_waugh	english of
eric_chappell	year of birth
didier_leclair	canadian canadian novelists
cedar_sigo	american american
derek_brown_:editor	british of birth
ellen_galford	canadian of novelists
nejc_gazvoda	slovenian from
mirkka_rekola	20th-century women
alvin_boretz	american from
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
bruno_schulz	polish male
chris_hayward	american from
charles_willeford	american from
benjamin_odell_:producer	american male
phillipe-ignace_françois_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
abdul_hameed_:writer	pakistani from
herman_pieter_de_boer	dutch deaths
doug_cooper_:author	american from
michael_krogmann	american people
nathanaël	canadian women novelists
mildred_barya	ugandan women
minfong_ho	living people
charles_hugh_smith	american births
ignasi_ribó	spanish writers
charles_mudede	american from
betty_neels	20th-century women novelists
mateo_morrison	dominican of
alastair_mcintosh	scottish of
maria_antònia_oliver_cabrer	spanish writers
edith_josie	canadian from
duncan_regehr	canadian from
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
rebecca_walker	american women
david_j.bradley	american from
danny_bilson	american television
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
douglas_murray_:author	people of
eliza_frances_andrews	american american
debbie_moon	21st-century women writers
pavao_ritter_vitezović	people of
nicholas_delbanco	american university
hart_amos	australian births
reynaldo_a._duque	people writers
bernie_west	american from
philippe_le_sueur_mourant	people births
edwin_monroe_bacon	american deaths
hilton_als	american of
e.r.frank	american of writers
deborah_biancotti	australian women writers
regina_weinreich	living people
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
michèle_marineau	canadian canadian novelists
peter_bergman_:comedian	american from
mary_agria	21st-century american novelists
anibal_joão_melo	slovenian births
gregory_orfalea	american people
mona_kent	american women writers
reginald_hill	english of
peter_demant	russian male
i.marlene_king	american television
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
avram_davidson	american american novelists
boris_schreiber	french deaths
elsie_locke	new zealand
monica_ali	british women
alexander_goldstein_:writer	russian novelists
alan_sillitoe	english short
brander_matthews	american from
cylin_busby	american of
henry_lawson	australian women
deborah_a.miranda	american american
freda_cruse_atwell	american women writers
adam_muto	american television
david_sweetman	20th-century from
andrew_lam	american american
bjarne_rønning	norwegian births
darya_dontsova	russian births
hirotada_ototake	living births
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
nina_arkina	20th-century women writers
nelson_algren	american american
elisabeth_hauptmann	20th-century women
dan_abnett	british of
george_chigas	american american
mehmed_uzun	turkish births
alfredo_seiferheld	male births
richard_bruce_nugent	american from
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
chromatic_:programmer	american people writers
ian_frazier	american from
punaloor_balan	indian from
elliott_holt	21st-century american novelists
qazi_anwar_hussain	bengali writers
paola_drigo	italian women
christy_brown	irish deaths
mary_de_morgan	19th-century women
ille_toktash	chuvash deaths
helio_vera	male births
p._j._wolfson	american from
alex_leslie	21st-century women novelists
ana_tena	spanish women writers
maria_isabel_barreno	20th-century women
rafael_spinola	guatemalan short
brian_glanville	english births
chandradhar_barua	20th-century from
richard_johnson_:16th_century	people women writers
anšlavs_eglītis	latvian deaths
mohammad_moniruzzaman	bengali of
mario_giordano_:writer	living women
clayton_matthews	american american novelists
alison_weir	british of
myoma_myint_kywe	burmese births
mary_catherine_bateson	american births
muzaffer_i̇zgü	turkish people
mohan_bhandari_:writer	indian writers
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
giulio_angioni	italian italian
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
dragomir_brajković	serbian from
garson_kanin	american male novelists
margaret_mayo_:children's_author	english women writers
pramod_raman	indian women short
helen_pai	american television writers
debito_arudou	american from
annette_broadrick	american of novelists
patrick_senécal	canadian people
g.k.chesterton	english male
bjørn_sand	norwegian births
elsa_triolet	russian women
pavao_pavličić	croatian novelists
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
anahareo	canadian from
chirlane_mccray	american of
margaret_maron	american women novelists
montgomery_pittman	american from
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
apostolos_doxiadis	greek births
maynah_lewis	20th-century romantic novelists
park_taesun	living births
miho_mosulishvili	male births
david_pinski	20th-century deaths
mouloud_mammeri	people births
anna_wheeler_:author	irish women
andrea_ashworth	english women
mark_l._van_name	american american short
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
margaret_landon	american from
aliaksei_karpiuk	people deaths
henry_theodore_tuckerman	american american
brigitte_reimann	german women writers
christoph_von_schmid	german women
pedro_sotillo	venezuelan deaths
alvin_toffler	american from
adam_gollner	canadian of writers
francine_prose	american american novelists
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
craig_hickman	american from
melinda_tankard_reist	australian people
mary_ann_kelty	19th-century women writers
felicia_bond	american women
emily_nasrallah	20th-century women
andy_hamilton_:author	british births
eduard_limonov	russian male
matija_divković	bosnia and herzegovina
chuck_lorre	american television
brian_clegg_:writer	people of
grazia_deledda	italian women
devananda_bharali	20th-century from
edith_bruck	20th-century women
carleton_mabee	american from
rob_long	american television writers
ian_pattison	year of birth missing
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
heather_donahue	american from
cizia_zykë	french french
rachapalem_chandrasekhara_reddy	living writers
micha_josef_berdyczewski	russian writers
anand_mahadevan	canadian from
carlo_dossi	italian deaths
andrew_hutchinson_:author	australian from
dorothy_allison	american women
alex_gray_:author	british women writers
priya_a._s	indian indian
mark_bowden	american from
nancy_williams_watt	american television writers
honora_sneyd	british women writers
marion_st_john_webb	english women
ernesto_tomasini	british male
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
mikhail_stasyulevich	russian deaths
curtis_roosevelt	american from
n._j._crisp	english english
allegra_huston	english from
edward_davies_:celtic	people births
nat_gertler	american comics
maxim_gorky	russian male
charles_lockwood_:author	american births
alexander_neverov	russian male
david_goodis	american american novelists
mary_craig_sinclair	people deaths
eyvind_johnson	swedish from
ellie_herman	american television writers
matt_selman	american television writers
attila_henrik_szabó	hungarian male
fahrettin_çiloğlu	turkish people
ali_el-maak	20th-century deaths
morten_korch	male short
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
clive_barker	lgbt male
chandra_prasad_saikia	indian from
pete_brown_:writer	british of
chris_gifford_:actor	american television
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
doug_murray_:comics	american comics writers
henry_r.evans	american from
chittaranjan_nepali	bangladeshi of is
philip_walsingham_sergeant	english births
barbara,_lady_stephen	english women writers
gordon_russell_:writer	american television
nikhilanand_panigrahy	living writers
gillian_mears	australian australian
pradeep_sarkar	indian film
han_kang	people women
patricia_pearson	canadian people
peter_james_:writer	english births
mykhailo_yalovy	ukrainian deaths
alisa_kwitney	american women novelists
ching_he_huang	british of
e_o_higgins	e births
olivier_weber	french french
ian_rapoport	south rapoport
fulvio_tomizza	italian italian
emilio_salgari	italian male
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
nancy_phelan	20th-century women
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
maurice_mierau	canadian from
p._j._wolfson	american from
ariane_sherine	21st-century people writers
david_miller_:editor	year of birth missing
alois_jirásek	austrian births
eric_de_kuyper	belgian births
peter_gould_:writer	american television writers
michael_ruppert	american from
domenico_tempio	italian deaths
amber_dawn	21st-century women
mary_lamb	19th-century women
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
ghazaros_aghayan	armenian deaths
orlando_wells	english male
maria_popova	american births
rachel_axler	american television birth
paul_collins_:musician	american births
frank_waters	american from
daniele_bolelli	american male
devendranath_sharma	indian male
gustav_falke	german from
maria_valtorta	german births
matt_wayne	american comics
p._balachandran	indian male
michael_lesy	american births
boris_savinkov	russian writers
hans_braarvig	norwegian deaths
randy_boyagoda	canadian from
damon_lindelof	american television
gustaw_przeczek	polish from
rajko_perušek	slovenian writers
monique_polak	canadian women writers
peter_morgan	english of
aaron_cohen_:counterterrorist	american births
rina_mimoun	american television writers
betty_ren_wright	american women novelists
gene_hong	american television writers
benjamin_demott	american from
allister_sparks	south african
david_n.donihue	american male
maurice_bladel	people births
caroline_anderson_:writer	21st-century women novelists
ponsonby_ogle	english deaths
rafael_barrett	paraguayan deaths
mark_salzman	american from
alan_wrigley	australian of
begum_rokeya	20th-century from
earl_mindell	american from
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
alison_dolling	australian from
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
niel_bushnell	english births
andrea_james	american from
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
charlotte_vale_allen	canadian women novelists
märta_helena_reenstierna	swedish swedish
carlos_zubizarreta	people from
alison_goodman	20th-century women writers
o._henry	american births
andrew_davies_:writer	people of
glenn_eichler	american television writers
chuck_philips	american from
heinz_politzer	american jews
dale_carnegie	american from
richard_c._meredith	american american short
christine_feehan	american women novelists
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
mary_helen_stefaniak	american of
dan_gillmor	american of
alan_wellikoff	american of birth
owen_kildare	american american novelists
harvey_pekar	american from
norberto_romualdez	people writers
alan_cheuse	american american short
f.x.feeney	american births
angelika_schrobsdorff	german german
pamela_morsi	american women novelists
alicia_sheridan_lefanu	19th-century women
arvid_nelson	american of birth
eric_forsberg	american male
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
michael_friscolanti	canadian of
amos_oz	israeli novelists
arleen_paré	canadian women
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
ritam_chowdhury	living people
abul_bashar	indian writers
maria_lima	american women novelists
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
donald_f.glut	american comics
craig_hickman	american from
aonghas_macneacail	scottish births
etta_federn	mexican women
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
cynthia_kadohata	american women writers
marianne_csaky	writers from
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
ed_earl_repp	american american short
frankétienne	haitian dramatists
mary_renault	20th-century from
armas_äikiä	ukrainian deaths
elsie_finnimore_buckley	english births
peter_b._gillis	american from
ernest_hello	french deaths
edgar_hilsenrath	german german
reginald_hudlin	american film
reynaldo_a._duque	people writers
allister_sparks	south african
gert_hofmann	20th-century from
peter_pinne	australian births
claire_castillon	french women writers
owen_o'neill	australian of writers
elizabeth_humphreys_penrose	american american novelists
brenda_chapman_:writer	21st-century women novelists
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
mary_martha_sherwood	english women writers
gladys_casely-hayford	20th-century women
moderata_fonte	italian women
margaret_mayo_:children's_author	english women writers
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
gertrude_bell	english of
mulumba_ivan_matthias	ugandan women
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
esther_hautzig	american deaths
dbc_pierre	australian from
massimo_del_pizzo	living of fiction
richard_russell_:dow_theory	american from
panagiotis_kondylis	20th-century writers
ahmed_deedat	south african
reginald_reynolds	scottish births
boris_vasilyev_:writer	russian male
richard_mccann	american from
monica_arac_de_nyeko	ugandan women
augusta_stevenson	american women writers
henry_blue_kline	american american
dmitry_gorchakov	russian male
galsan_tschinag	people writers
aleksey_chapygin	russian short
remi_aubuchon	american births
peter_hessler	american births
phil_gladwin	living births
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
charles_perez	american from
grace_kennedy_:writer	19th-century women
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
olen_steinhauer	american american novelists
pearl_s._buck	american from
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
alexandra_shimo	canadian canadian
adam_kazimierz_czartoryski	recipients of the
amy_sackville	alumni of
margaret_cushing_osgood	american american
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
bhabani_bhattacharya	indian of
damon_lindelof	american television
germaine_greer	australian from
else_ury	german deaths
norman_lear	american from
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
meridel_le_sueur	american women
fyodor_berezin	people of
clotilde_de_vaux	19th-century women writers
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
georges_dessommes	19th-century deaths
ashwin_sanghi	indian women
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
brian_allen_carr	american births
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
greg_kot	american from
aileen_paterson	scottish of
carolyn_males	american women novelists
nikša_gradi	serbian writers
robert_j.shaw	american television
richard_rubin_:writer	american from
nikolai_karonin-petropavlovsky	russian male
clara_de_chatelain	19th-century deaths
miklós_vámos	hungarian from
ignace_lepp	french deaths
bill_brewster_:dj	british writers
bijan_najdi	iranian short
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
maria_parr	living births
musa_haji_ismail_galal	indonesian deaths
david_foster_:writer	american of writers
david_sweetman	20th-century from
amanda_havard	american women novelists
carol_j.adams	american from
ed_solomon	american television
emmanuel_itier	french film directors
eric_marcus	american from
denys_val_baker	english of
antoine_rédier	french male
andrew_dabb	american male
gangadhar_balkrushna_sardar	people deaths
friedrich_huch	german deaths
robert_bernstein_:comics	american comics
nadya_larouche	canadian people
constantin_stamati-ciurea	people from
fredrik_skagen	norwegian women writers
doug_levitt	american births
barbara_hall_:tv_producer	american women writers
françois_duprat	french births
pierre_mornand	french births
maurice_mierau	canadian from
donald_e.westlake	american american novelists
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
michael_dibdin	british of
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
catherine_corley_anderson	american women
greggory_nations	american television writers
pamela_morsi	american women novelists
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
ignaty_potapenko	russian male
g.f.zaimis	american women
h.scott_hughes	american from
eun_heekyung	south korean
anton_matthias_sprickmann	people deaths
diane_fanning	american of novelists
anuradha_ramanan	20th-century women
anne_hocking	20th-century women writers
miruna_runcan	romanian births
filip_de_pillecyn	flemish deaths
august_mälk	estonian deaths
rebecca_hanover	american television writers
damon_lindelof	american television
michael_szameit	italian male
mark_shand	people of
carlos_dews	american from
meredith_tax	american births
namita_gokhale	indian women writers
henrietta_christian_wright	american children's
oswald_wynd	british of
peter_lovesey	english short
chris_joseph_:writer/artist	hong comics
pyun_hye-young	south korean
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
dennis_eichhorn	american from
anatoly_gunitsky	soviet of
bill_brittain	american american novelists
dorothy_kilner	19th-century women writers
ian_frazier	american from
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
mato_lovrak	20th-century novelists
emanuela_da_ros	italian women writers
patrick_senécal	canadian people
catherynne_m.valente	21st-century american novelists
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
rae_earl	english women
annie_pietri	french births
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
ahmed_ismail_samatar	saudi arabian
douglas_haskell	american from
george_jonas	canadian from
mary_kay_zuravleff	american american
dallas_john_baker	australian short story
anthony_swofford	american from
cecilia_hae-jin_lee	american of of
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
donald_goines	american from
alan_moore	english births
philip_tinari	american people
mariko_ōhara	living births
martha_blum	canadian women
richard_e._kim	american writers
drew_hayes	american comics
anton_matthias_sprickmann	people deaths
mitch_cullin	american american
gary_paulsen	american american novelists
mike_albo	american from
courtney_summers	21st-century women novelists
allegra_huston	english from
penni_russon	australian children's
marie-jeanne_l'héritier	french women writers
ferenc_talányi	people writers
hajra_masroor	pakistani from
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
neil_innes	english births
anil_menon	indian indian
donald_k.fry	american of
don_roff	american male novelists
brenda_chapman	american film
marie_rutkoski	american from
david_harris_ebenbach	american male novelists
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
ayako_fujitani	japanese births
pamela_allen	australian from writers
richard_bach	american from
hermann_kasack	german german
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
amina_adil	burmese deaths
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
bernhard_hennen	german births
héctor_zumbado	male short
ralph_fletcher	american american
alain_leroy_locke	american from
chris_chibnall	british births
hester_rogers	english births
catherine_lacey_:author	american american
maureen_howard	american american
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
richard_reeves_:british_author	british people
henri_deberly	french french
omar_abd_al-kafi	egyptian people
denis_taaffe	people births
charlotte_link	german women
carol_weston	american from
aidan_higgins	irish short
dr.seuss	american from
mary_alice_downie	canadian women writers
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
robert_elms	english births
niloufar_talebi	american of
maxim_gorky	russian male
may_byron	english women
anne-marie_cazalis	french women writers
egil_børre_johnsen	norwegian births
paul_hiebert_:writer	canadian from
ahmad_a'zam	people births
ann_hyland	british of birth
marshall_browne	australian australian
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
andrew_collins_:broadcaster	english male
donald_cotton	british births
angie_abdou	21st-century canadian novelists
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
pat_condell	english educated
boris_movilă	moldovan writers
flavio_herrera	guatemalan short
hajra_masroor	pakistani from
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
gerhard_dengler	german from
don_dickinson	canadian canadian novelists
max_apple	american male
patricia_wrede	21st-century women novelists
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
grigory_adamov	russian male
gustaw_herling-grudziński	polish from
andrea_james	american from
gore_vidal	american from
alain_jouffroy	french french
harold_brodkey	american from
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
giorgio_a.tsoukalos	american births
maximilian_bern	german births
marjorie_gross	canadian from
christine_adamo	french women writers
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
rhim_ju-yeon	living births
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
paul_reed_:writer	american american
neil_innes	english births
anand_mahadevan	canadian from
gustavo_álvarez_gardeazábal	chilean births
amy_braunschweiger	american of birth
phillip_hoose	american from
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
david_paul_kuhn	american from
carlo_emilio_gadda	italian italian
nancy_werlin	american women novelists
david_rakoff	american american
bruce_bawer	american from
franz_douskey	american american novelists
borys_antonenko-davydovych	ukrainian deaths
rebecca_walker	american women
michele_val_jean	american television writers
paula_diperna	living people
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
petraq_zoto	20th-century short
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
alphie_mccourt	american from
aaron_elkins	american american novelists
carol_kalish	american from
meletius_smotrytsky	polish deaths
don_payne_:writer	american from
meindert_dejong	american american
polina_suslova	russian russian
r._w._bradford	american from
pat_condell	english educated
mavro_vetranović	20th-century novelists
gary_paulsen	american american novelists
alfred_jarry	french french
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
frédéric_mistral	19th-century french
florin_pavlovici	romanian births
harold_schechter	american from novelists
arthur_bárdos	hungarian male
margaret_ryan	year of fiction
marina_oliver	living people
michael_rowe	american television writers
g.b.senanayake	20th-century lankan
henry_dumas	american from
ben_schott	british of
freya_north	21st-century women novelists
hamid_khan_:lawyer	pakistani births
antonio_roque_gobbo	male short
peter_rabe	american american novelists
n.m._mohan	indian writers
andrew_murray_:minister	dutch deaths
daniil_andreyev	russian male
cendrine_wolf	french women writers
germain-françois_poullain_de_saint-foix	french deaths
chantal_thomas	french women writers
charlotte_zolotow	american women
metin_arditi	living births
han_su-san	south korean
paul_theroux	american from
bernard_noël	french french novelists
bernard_noël	french french novelists
gavin_edwards_:writer	american of birth
manuel_a.alonso	marc deaths was a a writer writer and
medo_pucić	serbian deaths
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
damian_barr	people of
henry_bond	english births
robert_stevenson_:director	people births
melinda_hammond	year of birth
elizabeth_kent_:writer	people women writers
nazir_ahmad_dehlvi	indian from
abdukadir_osman	year of
annette_broadrick	american of novelists
ashley_rindsberg	american male
elizabeth_george_speare	american american novelists
adeline_sergeant	english women writers
michael_legat	20th-century women novelists
chen_maiping	20th-century short
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
anthony_burgess	english from
henri_jeanson	french male
michel_bussi	french french
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
abdizhamil_karimuly_nurpeisov	people deaths
michael_blouin_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
georg_heym	german german
božena_němcová	austrian women
mildred_noble	american women
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
p._balachandran	indian male
e.vasu	indian indian
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
adam_kazimierz_czartoryski	recipients of the
paul_heyse	german german
movlud_suleymanli	living people
arnold_zweig	german of
dikran_chökürian	ottoman armenian
harry_browne	american from
holly_smale	english of birth missing
esther_seligson	mexican women
abdul_wahid_nazari	living births
adam_kotsko	american from
bill_tomicki	american of birth
nigel_nicolson	people of
richard_steele	19th-century of
adèle_geras	20th-century women novelists
craig_hinton	20th-century short
renate_stendhal	american births
eric_m.witchey	american american short
diana_bachmann	british writers
daisuke_watanabe	hong comics
neel_mukherjee_:writer	indian of
hans_kristian_eriksen	norwegian norwegian
nancy_garden	21st-century women writers
gillian_duffy_:editor	year of birth
géza_csáth	hungarian deaths
etgar_keret	israeli births
matt_warburton	american television
michel_onfray	french french
adam_small_:writer	afrikaans-language of
david_ruprecht	american from
michael_rowbotham	living people
robert_musil	20th-century women
nisi_shawl	american american novelists
meredith_averill	american television
dan_jones_:writer	english of
françois_duprat	french births
nikša_gradi	serbian writers
arthur_achleitner	people deaths
nikhilanand_panigrahy	living writers
alain_dorémieux	french french
nikolay_haytov	people deaths
bernardo_de_alderete	portuguese births
galad_elflandsson	canadian from
nancy_kress	american american novelists
nevenka_petrić	turkish writers
fran_striker	american from
mya_than_tint	burmese births
patricia_pearson	canadian people
candace_camp	american women novelists
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
benudhar_sharma	indian from
felix_c.gotschalk	american american novelists
daniel_galera	brazilian novelists
ramaranjan_mukherji	indian writers
ritchie_perry	21st-century women novelists
dwight_macdonald	american from
bernard_goldberg	american from
arjun_basu	canadian canadian novelists
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
edith_josie	canadian from
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
ben_sokolowski	year television birth
brenda_webster	21st-century american
anne-marie_cazalis	french women writers
angel_kyodo_williams	american women
michael_zarnock	american male
amber_benson	american women writers
daniel_abraham_:author	american american novelists
debra_anderson	canadian canadian novelists
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
renee_peck	american births
nam_cao	turkish births
max_blecher	romanian novelists
francesco_lomonaco	italian births
chintha_ravi	indian male
mitchell_dawson	american of
garlieb_merkel	german deaths
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
alexander_stepanovich_yakovlev	russian male
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
edna_mayne_hull	20th-century women novelists
andrew_marchand	american marchand
nikolai_naumov	russian male
muzi_epifani	20th-century women
christine_boylan	american television writers
pere_calders	20th-century novelists
margaret_strickland	people deaths
monica_buonfiglio	year of birth
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
doric_germain	canadian male
paola_corso	21st-century american writers
félix_tanco	19th-century births
george_eckstein	american television
hutton_gibson	american from
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
dan_goor	american television
esther_seligson	mexican women
david_m.alexander	american american novelists
alan_woo	21st-century canadian novelists
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
al-jahiz	people deaths
nina_arkina	20th-century women writers
oliver_robins	american male
oliver_la_farge	american american
petar_kočić	bosnia and herzegovina
robert_p.t.coffin	american american
ghassan_kanafani	20th-century novelists
derren_litten	english male
elin_wägner	swedish women
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
emma_maria_pearson	english deaths
grace_randolph	american comics
ashwin_sanghi	indian women
charles-louis_havas	french male
grace_hallock	american of death
abdul_qayum_:imam	british births
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
betty_neels	20th-century women novelists
dennis_denisoff	canadian from
rasheed_ahmad_siddiqui	recipients from
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
donald_goines	american from
atiq_rahimi	french births
chigozie_obioma	nigerian nigerian
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
penny_martin	alumni of
françois_gautier	french male
pearl_s._buck	american from
delia_grigore	romanian from
félix_luna	argentine births
cass_pennant	english male
philip_tinari	american people
mícheál_lally	living births
peter_nichols	english male
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
arjun_basu	canadian canadian novelists
diana_abgar	people from
andrea_camilleri	italian italian
michael_j._tougias	american people
david_e.kelley	american television
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
andre_norton	american american novelists
rita_clay_estrada	21st-century women novelists
refika_birgül	living people
alain_leroy_locke	american from
michael_pryor	australian people
donald_burgett	american of
bob_paris	american from
bill_oddie	english educated
ahmed_muradbegović	bosnia and
asma_gull_hasan	american of
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
arturo_jauretche	argentine essayists
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
damian_barr	people of
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
edwin_s.grosvenor	american from
moinul_ahsan_saber	bangladeshi people
gregg_godfrey	american television
alban_mccoy	year of birth missing
ben_sherwood	american from
andrea_heuser	german women
allison_silberberg	american women writers
raffaello_baldini	german from
george_urban	people deaths
myron_sharaf	american of
claude_mckay	people people
dimitrija_čupovski	people deaths
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
edmond_hoyle	english deaths
max_gladstone	american american novelists
peter_philipp	german german
dimitri_vladimirovich_isayev	chuvash deaths
mustafa_akyol	iranian people
michael_gallagher_:writer	american comics writers
fred_hando	scottish deaths
mohammadreza_bayrami	iranian births
philip_pullman	english of
hélé_béji	filipino births
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
edith_hodgetts	people women writers
michael_dibdin	british of
barbara_margaret_trimble	20th-century women novelists
ahmed_deedat	south african
phil_klay	american from
peter_nowalk	american from
eliza_robertson	21st-century women short
gavin_stamp	english of
david_crane_:producer	american from
eduard_vilde	estonian from
demetrios_bernardakis	venezuelan births
george_wheeler_hinman	american from
nat_benchley	american male
marguerite_young	20th-century women
max_tau	german deaths
david_dark	american of birth
alethea_kontis	american women novelists
anne_seymour,_countess_of_warwick	16th-century births
david_gurr	20th-century canadian novelists
hugo_sonnenschein	german deaths
florence_ashton_marshall	english deaths
donald_clarke_:writer	american births
dmitry_gorchakov	russian male
nancy_kress	american american novelists
guy_gavriel_kay	canadian from
brian_attebery	american american novelists
go_osaka	japanese japanese
clare_cavendish	year of birth missing
arthur_c.clarke	english from
alan_j.porter	english of
grant_allen	canadian from
amiri_baraka	american from
elizabeth_burgoyne_corbett	19th-century deaths
d.harlan_wilson	american american short
phyllis_reynolds_naylor	american from novelists
gregory_orfalea	american people
mark_millar	british of
bruce_cassiday	american births
alona_frankel	israeli women writers
ernest_kinoy	american from
gary_reed_:comics	american comics
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
patrice_killoffer	french people
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
grant_morrison	people of
richard_bruce_nugent	american from
robert_lewis_shayon	american deaths
marijac	french births
radomir_konstantinović	20th-century from
emilio_praga	italian italian
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
oscar_r._gómez	living writers
david_schwartz_:comics	american of birth
p._d._james	english of
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
giuseppe_berto	italian italian
david_jacobs_:writer	american television writers
n._mohanan	indian male
deb_caletti	21st-century women novelists
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
daniel_le_clerc	people from
crescenzo_alatri	italian italian
anahareo	canadian from
peter_nowalk	american from
donald_shaw_:academic	american deaths
gore_vidal	american from
rick_poynor	living people
diana_morgan_:writer	year of birth missing
gudrun_pausewang	german women writers
grant_faulkner	american of writers
george_william_johnson_:writer	english deaths
gyan_chand_jain	recipients writers
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
david_docherty	british of
polina_suslova	russian russian
ben_stein	american male
raphael_draccon	people births
charles_nelson_:writer	american of novelists
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
pauline_johnson	canadian women
frédéric_encel	french births
charles_officer	canadian from
amyas_northcote	english births
nicholas_delbanco	american university
gérard_de_villiers	french deaths
clare_winger_harris	american american short
charles_g.booth	american from
gregory_orfalea	american people
gonzalo_suárez	spanish male
paul_clammer	english births
phyllis_reynolds_naylor	american from novelists
bertram_brooker	canadian from
evelyn_waugh	english of
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
michael_neale	american people
frank_manley	american american
ian_mcfadyen	australian television
eshkol_nevo	israeli births
anne_holmberg	american women novelists
edgar_wallace	english male
frederick_rolfe	english short
denton_welch	english of
david_leite	american of birth
daniel_abraham_:author	american american novelists
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
benjamín_carrión	20th-century deaths
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
richard_cumyn	canadian canadian novelists
edward_storey	people births
catherine_buckle	20th-century births
alan_campbell_:screenwriter	american from
bo_goldman	american from
ali_ashraf_darvishian	iranian births
henry_dumas	american from
natsuhiko_kyogoku	japanese births
bill_scheft	american american novelists
philippe_besson	21st-century from
michael_angeli	american television writers
arnold_drake	american comics
camilla_gibb	21st-century women novelists
h.j.whigham	scottish births
paul_cottin	french deaths
bob_haney	american age
danny_bilson	american television
matthieu_ricard	french births
august_gailit	estonian deaths
arthur_weiss	american male
eugene_fodor_:writer	american from
bruce_marshall	people of
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
bas_kast	german male
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
dharanidhar_sahu	indian writers
robert_bloch	american american novelists
margery_latimer	american american novelists
daniel_dickey	american of
mateo_morrison	dominican of
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
manabu_miyazaki	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
franz_fühmann	german german
anthony_flamini	american comics
gary_david_goldberg	american television
bimal_kar	bengali writers
huo_da	people births
mark_bowden	american from
barry_webster_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
michael_yon	american from
alfred_jarry	french french
donna_mcfarlane	canadian canadian novelists
don_roff	american male novelists
richard_appignanesi	canadian canadian
camilla_cederna	italian women
pitcheswara_rao_atluri	year of birth missing
richard_marsland	australian from
gary_reed_:comics	american comics
margot_bennett_:writer	20th-century women fiction
david_nekrutman	american people
gustavo_álvarez_gardeazábal	chilean births
mark_simmons_:author	year of birth
radu_pavel_gheo	romanian short
charles_o'conor_:historian	people births
charlie_angus	canadian from
india_grey	year of birth missing
anna_fienberg	australian children's writers
nicolas_chamfort	19th-century french
anne_fortier	21st-century women novelists
pearl_s._buck	american from
hugo_vickers	people of
georges_cogniot	french deaths
evelyn_m.richardson	canadian women novelists
mend-ooyo_gombojav	living writers
apostolos_doxiadis	greek births
atis_kronvalds	people deaths
elizabeth_graver	21st-century american novelists
hilary_corke	english of
rashaan_nall	american male
emily_nasrallah	20th-century women
bo_goldman	american from
adam_kuckhoff	german german
monica_gesue	living comics
haki_stërmilli	19th-century deaths
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
mark_aldanov	russian male
penelope_fletcher	21st-century women writers
diana_hart	canadian people
adel_karasholi	german births
brian_halweil	american of birth
daniel_scott_:writer	american american novelists
namini_subrahmanyam_naidu	living people
howard_norman	american of
david_horowitz	american from
maud_de_belleroche	21st-century women writers
robert_thurman	american from
helen_weinzweig	canadian canadian novelists
algernon_blackwood	english of
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
henri_chantavoine	french deaths
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
richard_levinson	american television
morris_lurie	australian australian
charles_officer	canadian from
harcharan_chawla	20th-century from
alison_goodman	20th-century women writers
chintha_lakshmi_sinhaarachchi	sri lankan
patricia_wrede	21st-century women novelists
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
august_derleth	american american novelists
frank_decaro	american from
diana_hart	canadian people
abujafar_shamsuddin	bengali births
pierre_michon	french births
ameen_rihani	american american
george_william_russell	irish deaths
flannery_o'connor	american american
donald_gallinger	american american short
robert_haven_schauffler	american from
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
george_henry_moore_:author	american from
chris_brancato	american male
ritchie_perry	21st-century women novelists
conrad_rooks	american male
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
deborah_a.miranda	american american
daniela_dahn	german german
arthur_stanley_riggs	american deaths
e.s.madima	new madima is
boleslav_markevich	russian male
deidre_behar	american births
henry_clark_barlow	english male
george_mogridge_:old_humphrey	english english
david_nekrutman	american people
nega_mezlekia	canadian from
min_lu	burmese writers
nam_cao	turkish births
rebecca_walker	american women
eleanor_mercein_kelly	american from
amy_hempel	american from
cameron_stracher	american of
robert_j.schwalb	living game
h.ogden_wintermute	american from
april_blair	american television writers
henry_herbert,_3rd_earl_of_carnarvon	english of
mo_willems	american from
bill_oddie	english educated
robert_chiappetta	american television writers
aaron_shure	american television writers
claude_joseph_dorat	french births writers
david_toussaint	american from
chris_brancato	american male
pearl_s._buck	american from
randall_jahnson	american male
mihail_șerban_:writer	romanian novelists
adelaide_manning	english women writers
heather_macallister	american women novelists
carol_windley	canadian canadian novelists
rian_johnson	american television
catriona_sparks	australian science writers
matthew_randazzo_v	american births
addison_wiggin	american of birth
hortense_calisher	american american
arshavir_shirakian	armenian deaths
nina_güthner	19th-century women writers
mo_willems	american from
benjamin_zephaniah	english births
martha_blum	canadian women
eleanor_coerr	canadian women writers
gore_vidal	american from
arnold_m.auerbach	american television
gwyn_thomas_:novelist	20th-century short
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
a.igoni_barrett	21st-century short
paul_heyse	german german
aldous_huxley	english from
patrick_carman	american from
donald_barr_chidsey	american from
clara_royer	people of birth
alec_berg	american of writers
christine_beatty_:activist	american from
michael_carrington_:voice_actor	american television writers
mikhail_dostoyevsky	russian russian
marie_majerová	20th-century novelists
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
anup_singh_choudry	bangladeshi of
francis_payne_:author	australian short
don_l.johnson	american from
reinhold_weege	american television
douglas_murray_:author	people of
anwara_syed_haq	bangladeshi of
andy_diggle	year comics
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
barbara_wood	american women novelists
peter_ling	english births
douglas_e.winter	american births
ben_myers	british births
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
graça_aranha	brazilian deaths
nick_toczek	british of
peter_høeg	argentine births
francisco_domene	spanish male
dominique_fernandez	french french
maxim_kalashnikov	russian births
albert_dorrington	20th-century births
maynah_lewis	20th-century romantic novelists
nate_jackson	living births
anthony_swofford	american from
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
michael_barnes_:canadian_author	canadian of
patrea_smallacombe	australian women writers
oliver_onions	english male
gary_victor	haitian dramatists
eric_rhode	british births
eliette_abécassis	french women writers
david_madden_:novelist	american from
richard_bruce_nugent	american from
hiroshi_mori_:writer	japanese japanese
france_bevk	slovenian from
dirk_philips	flemish from
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
fabio_fiallo	dominican republic
audrey_howard	20th-century women novelists
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
homer_eon_flint	american american short
oliveria_prescott	english deaths
norman_wong	american of
dinesh_chandra_sen	bengali deaths
david_armand_:author	american male
gayla_trail	canadian from
natabar_samantaray	indian from
archie_goodwin_:comics	american age
darrell_schweitzer	american american short
armand_lunel	french french
frederick_buechner	american from
george_grigore	romanian births
catherine_buckle	20th-century births
c.s.chellappa	indian indian
randolph_stow	australian australian
henrietta_christian_wright	american children's
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
quazi_johirul_islam	living people
doug_cooper_:author	american from
ian_ridpath	people of
federico_campbell	mexican women
amy_peikoff	american from
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
anita_nair	20th-century indian
alexander_goldstein_:writer	russian novelists
clara_royer	people of birth
ante_tomić_:writer	croatian novelists
aníbal_cristobo	argentine women
oliva_sabuco	spanish births
camilla_läckberg	21st-century women
daedalus_howell	american from
constantin_stamati-ciurea	people from
herbert_achternbusch	german german
c.radhakrishnan	indian male
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
mike_carey_:writer	english of
mariko_ōhara	living births
edward_bloor	american american novelists
margaret_geddes	australian births
christine_harris_:author	australian women writers
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
rawi_hage	canadian women
carl_wilhelm_böttiger	swedish swedish
harold_brodkey	american from
august_derleth	american american novelists
mike_reiss	american television writers
david_lamb_:journalist	american from
neel_mukherjee_:writer	indian of
monica_mary_gardner	english deaths
g.k.chesterton	english male
alekos_sakellarios	croatian novelists
clara_sereni	italian women
francesco_saverio_salfi	italian births
maud_de_belleroche	21st-century women writers
aurelian_silvestru	moldovan writers
elisabeth_hauptmann	20th-century women
girija_kumar_mathur	indian from
frank_o'hara	american from
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
robert_musil	20th-century women
reginald_hill	english of
raquel_verdesoto	ecuadorian deaths
pierre_rabhi	living births
ann_marcus	american from
mary_grannan	canadian women novelists
carol_mendelsohn	american television writers
marie_sophie_schwartz	19th-century births
panteleimon_kulish	ukrainian deaths
paul_kirchner	american from
p._craig_russell	american comics
peter_hogan	living of
n_prabhakaran	20th-century male
gustavo_pallicca	italian births
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
marguerite_young	20th-century women
doric_germain	canadian male
felice_schwartz	american women
charles_officer	canadian from
aleš_čar	slovenian from
esther_seligson	mexican women
hugh_b.cave	english english
hortense_allart	19th-century women writers
pierre_assouline	french births
alison_hume	year women writers
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
christian_cooper	american of birth
mohammad-ja'far_pouyandeh	iranian writers
afdhere_jama	american from
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
maría_cadilla	puerto rican
christopher_lukas	american television
bill_nuss	place of birth
rebecca_walker	american women
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
max_kruse_:author	german deaths
hubert_harrison	american of
harlan_greene	american american
coleman_jacoby	american from
daniel-rops	french french
allison_silberberg	american women writers
mohan_deep	living people
golam_mostofa_:poet	indian from
frank_doyle_:writer	people births
neil_innes	english births
bertram_brooker	canadian from
brian_michael_bendis	american from
georges_ista	belgian deaths
pierre_rabhi	living births
heidi_w.durrow	american american
eleanor_mercein_kelly	american from
donal_ryan	irish people
christopher_paul_baker	people of
erich_kulka	austrian deaths
alexandre_dumas	french french
raša_papeš	living writers
henry_lawson	australian women
patrick_carman	american from
brian_francis_slattery	american from
bob_forward	american television writers
carolyn_males	american women novelists
maurice_bladel	people births
penelope_fletcher	21st-century women writers
beatrice_harraden	english women
robert_mccloskey	american from
michealene_risley	american births
robert_donston_stephenson	english births
ook_chung	canadian people
maxine_mcarthur	21st-century women writers
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
milan_kundera	20th-century births
o._henry	american births
celia_thaxter	american american
rebecca_walker	american women
h.g.wells	english of
fujisawa_shu	japanese births
deborah_a.miranda	american american
philippe_béha	canadian people
peter_grandbois	american people
nikolai_uspensky	russian russian
mary_de_morgan	19th-century women
branislav_crnčević	serbian deaths
rick_husky	american people
feodor_gladkov	russian male
david_dark	american of birth
chris_boucher	british births writers
charlotte_lady_blennerhassett	german women
mai_ghoussoub	mai ghoussoub writers was an american writer and and
raphael_shore	canadian births
brett_halliday	american american
raziel_reid	canadian from
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
ina_boudier-bakker	20th-century dutch
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
michael_j._weithorn	american television
mohammad_mokhtari_:writer	iranian from
robert_cohen_:writer	canadian of
franz_kafka	austrian births
choi_in-hun	south korean
fermín_abella_y_blave	spanish births
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
benigna_marie_of_reuss-ebersdorf	portuguese births
robert_heron_:writer	scottish births
mathoor_krishnamurty	indian of
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
nazir_ahmad_dehlvi	indian from
robert_calvert	south african
enrique_geenzier	venezuelan deaths
merata_kawharu	south zealand
gene_deweese	american american novelists
claude_mckay	people people
george_dohrmann	american from
anthony_eaton	australian australian novelists
nene_gare	australian women
melissa_bradshaw	english of
henry_poulaille	french deaths
emil_filipčič	slovenian from
michael_scarce	american of
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
edward_r.pease	english of
pablo_illanes	chilean births
raphaël_millet	french births
farhat_ishtiaq	pakistani births
mikhail_zagoskin	russian male
angie_abdou	21st-century canadian novelists
ante_tomić_:writer	croatian novelists
georgi_karaslavov	people deaths
potturi_vijayalakshmi	living people
barbara_albert	austrian male
matthew_chojnacki	american births
paul_marsden	british of
chris_lynch	american from novelists
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
charles_stross	english science fiction
faolán_mac_an_ghabhann_na_scéal	people births
nur-eldeen_masalha	living births
erica_james	20th-century women novelists
aino_malmberg	people births
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
hal_higdon	american from
chandramathi	indian indian
barry_o'brien	american television
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
mike_scully	american television writers
franz_kafka	austrian births
mircea_damian	romanian romanian
pattathuvila_karunakaran	20th-century male
mel_tolkin	american male
gerald_brenan	british of
hemchandra_goswami	asom from
hisham_matar	american of
patricia_briggs	21st-century women novelists
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
george_washington_moon	19th-century deaths
r._chudamani	20th-century women
heather_lewis_:writer	american american
muriel_draper	american women
melanie_walsh	living women writers
anna_holmes	american of
abdal_bela	pakistani births
april_blair	american television writers
rajkumar_shitaljit_singh	indian from
holly_hartman	american of birth
paul_rieckhoff	american from
richard_t.williamson	michael j. is is an american writer and and
p._d._james	english of
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
bill_arp	american from
hovhannes_setian	armenian deaths
paolo_eleuteri_serpieri	living people
peary_chand_mitra	bengali writers
perrine_leblanc	canadian canadian novelists
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
florida_friebus	american from
beatrix_campbell	british of
david_samuels_:writer	american births
miroslava_duma	russian writers
hajra_masroor	pakistani from
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
mariusz_kotowski	living people
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
elsa_joubert	south african
akiva_schaffer	american male
blanche_d'alpuget	20th-century women
bipin_chandran	indian male
chris_d'lacey	people births
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
rabina_khan	british of
frank_roche	american bloggers
auguste_lorieux	french deaths
aqeel_ahmed	english births
harriott_horry_ravenel	american women
michael_stemmle	living game
don_novello	american male
albert_monteys	people births
gertrude_barrows_bennett	american american fiction
nathan_fielder	canadian from
félix_luna	argentine births
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
forrest_crissey	american from
douglas_bland	canadian women birth
normando_hernández_gonzález	living people
matthew_quick	american from novelists
andrew_kreisberg	american television
rictor_norton	american from
patrea_smallacombe	australian women writers
alain_robbe-grillet	french french
peter_stone	american from
mary_hoffman	21st-century women novelists
anne_wingate	american from novelists
maria_stona	20th-century women
huo_da	people births
anne_mackenzie_:writer	year of
paul_chaplin	american television writers
pierre_nothomb	belgian from
michael_lind	american from
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
eilif_straume	norwegian norwegian
bettina_belitz	german women writers
gabriella_ambrosio	italian births
margo_glantz	mexican women
elin_wägner	swedish women
gabrielle_lord	australian women
nikolay_nosov	soviet male
paul_marsden	british of
alix_bosco	new zealand writers
evan_solomon	canadian people
max_gallo	french people
e.vasu	indian indian
harry_l.symons	canadian canadian novelists
marion_halligan	australian women writers
rené_galand	french births
rob_nanninga	dutch deaths
noo_saro-wiwa	british of
marina_oliver	living people
bonnie_bowman	21st-century women novelists
george_metcalf_johnson	american from
nikolai_yut	chuvash deaths
august_derleth	american american novelists
bret_hart	canadian from
patrick_lapeyre	french french
nick_toczek	british of
dionysius_lardner	people births
arthur_morrison	english english
beatríz_peniche_barrera	mexican women writers
remi_adedeji	living births
max_ehrmann	american births
elisa_gaudet	american from
florinda_donner	american from
hans-otto_meissner	german deaths
a.m.muhammed	indian from
robert_byron	people of
aldo_busi	german births
gonzalo_suárez	spanish male
gudlavalleti_chalapati_rao	indian from
henry_rice_:writer	british births
eli_clare	american from
edmond_fleg	french french
nella_bielski	french french writers
andré_álvares_de_almada	dominican deaths
hari_singh_dilbar	indian of
david_goldschmid	american television writers
eleanor_updale	british of
don_brinkley	american television
c.s.lakshmi	indian indian
duncan_weller	canadian canadian novelists
paul_griffiths_:director	living births
clive_barker	lgbt male
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
mehdi_azar_yazdi	iranian births
philippe_de_chérisey	people deaths
holly_smale	english of birth missing
harvey_ovshinsky	american male
catherine_mavrikakis	canadian canadian novelists
alois_hotschnig	20th-century short
davide_cali	italian births
henry_thomas_mackenzie_bell	english deaths
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
evelyn_waugh	english of
david_samuels_:writer	american births
elizabeth_royte	21st-century women writers
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
dobrica_erić	serbian of
michel_onfray	french french
anthony_slide	british births
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
bimal_kar	bengali writers
ridgwell_cullum	20th-century women
bjarte_breiteig	norwegian births
richard_rodriguez	american from
amos_tutuola	20th-century births
don_brinkley	american television
mary_lyons	living women
mikhail_artsybashev	russian male
david_albahari	serbian novelists
maria_koleva	french births
amelie_fried	german women writers
matthew_crawford	american people
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
pacho_o'donnell	argentine births
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
douglas_kenney	american from
diriye_osman	alumni from
claude_joseph_dorat	french births writers
r._c._lehmann	people of
philip_k._dick	american american
edgar_wallace	english male
alexander_kanengoni	british deaths
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
daisy_hernández	american women
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
harold_cronk	american births
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
daniel_handler	american male
mick_anglo	people births
paulette_bourgeois	canadian people
hugo_rodríguez-alcalá	paraguayan deaths
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
hedda_zinner	german of
bill_odenkirk	american television
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
elisa_féliz	american of
mat_johnson	american from
graham_higgins	british births is
matthew_gavin_frank	american births
maria_von_peteani	20th-century deaths
percival_everett	american american
andre_norton	american american novelists
mark_a._altman	american television writers
emma_romeu	australian of
robert_asch	english educated
andrew_j.lewis	year of birth missing
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
mouloud_mammeri	people births
brian_trench	british births
pietari_päivärinta	finnish births
chris_bachelder	american from
bob_harras	american comics
anne-pia_nygård	norwegian births
henry_jones_:writer	english births
dwight_macdonald	american from
maud_de_belleroche	21st-century women writers
randa_abdel-fattah	australian people
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
harriot_eaton_stanton_blatch	american from
alice_furlong	irish women
anand_mahadevan	canadian from
george_lockhart_:politician	people of
betty_jane_wylie	canadian from
erzsébet_galgóczi	mexican women writers
michael_t._kaufman	american from
morgan_o'neill	australian births
matt_kindt	american comics
donald_lowrie	american from
gonzalo_argote_de_molina	spanish births
renée_french	american comics
aaron_shure	american television writers
marguerite_j._gascoigne	20th-century women novelists
daniel_tammet	english of
ajit_cour	indian writers
dwight_macdonald	american from
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
benjamin_demott	american from
guy_davenport	american american
anna-leena_härkönen	20th-century women
grace_paley	american american
anton_rønneberg	norwegian norwegian
cynthia_harrod-eagles	21st-century women novelists
peter_jackson_:academic	living people
beth_schwartz	american television birth
nikil_saval	american people
chris_maslanka	people of
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
evelyn_waugh	english of
arnold_haultain	scottish births
robert_svoboda	american from
george_wilbur_peck	american from
ian_casocot	people births
ahmed_muradbegović	bosnia and
ed_earl_repp	american american short
cherríe_moraga	american american
helen_pidd	people of
premchand	indian from
orrin_keepnews	american from
menelaos_lountemis	20th-century novelists
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
charles_frederick_williams	people deaths
hester_rogers	english births
andrei_lupan	moldovan writers
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
andrew_murray_:minister	dutch deaths
evan_katz	american television writers
albert_kivikas	estonian deaths
muzaffer_i̇zgü	turkish people
olof_lagercrantz	swedish swedish
george_f.willison	american rican
alain_farah	canadian canadian
marion_halligan	australian women writers
craig_kyle	american of birth
fanny_parkes	people births
robert_r.reilly	american births
r._d._low	british from
nathan_burgoine	canadian canadian novelists
david_anthony_kraft	american comics
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
bruce_tulgan	american from
ramkumar_mukhopadhyay	indian writers
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
erik_p.kraft	american of birth
numa_sadoul	living births
diana_abgar	people from
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
pierre_bettencourt	french deaths
patrick_aleph	american from
agnes_hewes	american from
hella_haasse	20th-century women
mary_maclane	canadian women
monique_polak	canadian women writers
robert_calvert	south african
alfonso_gumucio_dagron	20th-century from
andre_norton	american american novelists
edward_m.brecher	american from
myles_wilder	american television
allan_sherman	american from
marilyn_suzanne_miller	american television
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
alexander_herzen	russian russian
arthur_weiss	american male
christine_feehan	american women novelists
matt_bullen	english births
alain_damasio	french french
alexei_sholokhov	russian births
bill_oddie	english educated
carlene_hatcher_polite	american women novelists
hu_yepin	20th-century deaths
ameen_rihani	american american
carl_fredrik_engelstad	dutch births
david_ebershoff	american male
bartho_smit	people deaths
denis_norden	english male
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
matthew_graham	living of birth
philippe_soupault	french french
richard_holloway	scottish of
ana_maría_shua	argentine women
are_kalvø	norwegian births
geoffrey_archer_:writer	english births
adolphe_joanne	french deaths
martyn_park	australian births
patrick_f._mcmanus	american from
david_icke	english of
alexis_lichine	people deaths
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
fulvio_tomizza	italian italian
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
erwin_strittmatter	german of
gunvor_hofmo	norwegian women writers
dante_troisi	italian male
nicolas_chamfort	19th-century french
nileena_abraham	indian from
charles_o'conor_:historian	people births
martha_stephens	american film
robert_m.pirsig	american from
bogomir_magajna	slovenian births
onat_kutlar	turkish writers
maureen_jennings	21st-century women writers
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
reginald_campbell	british births
aron_eli_coleite	american television writers
harry_browne	american from
alain_farah	canadian canadian
herbert_kenwith	american births
adolf_uzarski	german deaths
narayan_govind_chapekar	indian from
dan_turèll	male births
rasheed_ahmad_siddiqui	recipients from
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
geoff_thompson_:writer	british births
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
gavin_extence	english male
bahadir_kaleagasi	turkish births
neal_drinnan	australian short story
hisham_matar	american of
daniel_quinn	american american novelists
bev_sellars	canadian women writers
félix_morisseau-leroy	20th-century dramatists
paula_broadwell	american from
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
petar_stapov	people deaths
aage_borchgrevink	norwegian norwegian
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
ed_cullen	american from
maxime_du_camp	french french
dhrubajyoti_bora	indian from
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
otto_manninen	people births
daniel-rops	french french
george_washington_moon	19th-century deaths
michael_gilbert	british of
phillip_frazer	american births
anita_daher	year women birth
brian_sibley	english births
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
aurelio_gonzález_ovies	spanish births
harvey_broadbent	australian from
hélène_lenoir	french women writers
henry_liu	20th-century from
amelia_e.johnson	american women novelists
franz_fühmann	german german
adrienne_monson	american women novelists
peter_ho_davies	british of
brendan_o'carroll	irish from
charles_nelson_:writer	american of novelists
arthur_upfield	20th-century from
ahmad_kamyabi_mask	indian writers
boris_pahor	people of
henri_lopès	people of the of of
rafael_chaparro_madiedo	20th-century novelists
andrei_bitov	russian male
gavan_daws	australian of
maxime_du_camp	french french
david_shore	canadian from
harold_schechter	american from novelists
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
george_burditt_:writer	american from
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
gore_vidal	american from
paul_gustavson	american deaths
eric_talbot	american comics writers
a.n.krishna_rao	telugu writers
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
arthur_bloch	american male
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
dan_swimer	british of birth
philippe_vandevelde	living births
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
bob_budiansky	american comics
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
margarete_kollisch	20th-century women
hester_rogers	english births
qais_akbar_omar	american people
olaus_magnus	16th-century deaths
ernest_delahaye	french french
mick_jackson_:author	english births
adam_kazimierz_czartoryski	recipients of the
dudu_aharon	israeli people
robert_thurman	american from
c.h.sisson	english of
dalia_sofer	american of
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
erica_ehm	canadian from
helen_m.roberts	american from
brian_fawcett	canadian canadian
richard_holloway	scottish of
pravrajika_vrajaprana	american women writers
melody_moezzi	american from
eliana_johnson	american from
rebecca_walker	american women
milan_paroški	serbian of
alec_sulkin	american television writers
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
berton_roueché	american from
bart_kosko	american from
gwen_grant	english of
abdón_ubidia	male short story
g.a.natesan	20th-century from
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
nancy_kress	american american novelists
mark_spector	living people
beverley_jackson	american women novelists
chen_maiping	20th-century short
maría_argelia_vizcaíno	living women
ann_c.crispin	american women novelists
grace_paley	american american
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
aaron_smith_:magician	american from
marcella_hazan	marc j. is is a writer writer and
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
antonio_acevedo_hernández	male dramatists
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
gunnel_vallquist	swedish swedish
pádraic_ó_conaire	19th-century deaths
michael_banim	irish deaths
peter_david	american from novelists
paul_rieckhoff	american from
david_ossman	american from
pam_brady	american television writers
elna_baker	american from
bal_samant	indian writers
donna_jo_napoli	american women novelists
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
graham_linehan	irish births
george_harmon_coxe	american american novelists
pietro_di_donato	american from
francis_george_fowler	english births
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
horace_kephart	american deaths
ricky_lo	filipino people
giorgio_a.tsoukalos	american births
david_leavitt	american american
anne_devlin_:writer	people of writers
diane_messina_stanley	american television writers
mercer_simpson	people of
daniel_oster	french births
edith_bruck	20th-century women
christopher_nicole	20th-century women novelists
chi_li	people births
gail_z.martin	american women novelists
mohammed_moftahh_elfitory	indonesian writers
mikhail_dostoyevsky	russian russian
māra_zālīte	living births
ravella_venkatarama_rao	indian deaths
oskar_luts	20th-century novelists
marie-anne_desmarest	french women writers
chandramathi	indian indian
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
gladys_lucy_adshead	irish births
ben_moor_:writer	english male
patrice_killoffer	french people
alona_frankel	israeli women writers
charles_phillip_brown	indian writers
patrick_mccabe_:novelist	irish short
aliaksei_karpiuk	people deaths
bob_drury	american male
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
c.s.chellappa	indian indian
chandramathi	indian indian
alphonse_de_châteaubriant	french french
alain_jouffroy	french french
michael_shermer	american from
cheikh_tidiane_gaye	people births
alan_cheuse	american american short
annie_lee_rees	new zealand
geum_hee	south korean
carlos_noriega_hope	mexican births
guido_monte	italian male
manju_kak	michael kak is is an writer writer and and
dorothy_sterling	american women
anthony_bidulka	canadian canadian
paul_levinson	american american
michel_rio	french french
farah_naqvi	bangladeshi people
paul_rohrbach	german births
richard_t._williamson	american people
mohammed_moftahh_elfitory	indonesian writers
david_fury	american television
achille_campanile	italian male
paul_heyse	german german
gardner_fox	american comics
edward_mccourt	canadian from
michael_punke	american people
agnes_morley_cleaveland	american women
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
pierre_ouellet	canadian canadian novelists
robert_e.thompson	american from
dea_birkett	british of
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
arthur_arnould	french deaths
doris_runge	german women writers
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
felice_schwartz	american women
alexander_macleod_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
frans_johansson	american from
nicholas_kollerstrom	british people
david_gurr	20th-century canadian novelists
anura_c.perera	sri lankan
randolph_stow	australian australian
a.s.king	21st-century women novelists
edward_gorey	american from
edmond_hoyle	english deaths
philippe-joseph_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
henry_rice_:writer	british births
evald_flisar	slovenian from
richard_sharpe_shaver	american american short
pallab_kirtania	living from
douglas_kent_hall	american from
miguel_herrero_uceda	living people
curt_gentry	american from
geeta_dharmarajan	indian women
barbara_branden	canadian from
fatima_besnaci-lancou	21st-century women writers
paul_cornell	english women
david_a.kaplan	american of
pascual_h._poblete	belgian writers
curt_goetz	german male
martha_rofheart	american women novelists
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
achdé	french births
ben_stein	american male
asrul_sani	indonesian births
claire_fox	people of
gilbert_gerard_:theological_writer	scottish of
perry_rosemond	canadian from
oskar_luts	20th-century novelists
fyodor_berezin	people of
annamarie_jagose	21st-century women
mohammad-ja'far_pouyandeh	iranian writers
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
miriam_roth	american people
raimund_hermann_siegfried_moltke	german deaths
rituparna_basu	living from
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
h.g.wells	english of
duane_ackerson	american american novelists
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
cherith_baldry	21st-century women novelists
peter_townend_:novelist	english births novelists
beverly_cleary	american from
carol_emshwiller	american american short
michael_krüger_:writer	german women
michele_zackheim	21st-century women novelists
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
paul_heyse	german german
gilles_leroy	21st-century essayists
henry_thomas_mackenzie_bell	english deaths
rajaa_al-sanea	living people
paul_heyse	german german
andy_vallario	year of birth
debra_anderson	canadian canadian novelists
michael_kumpfmüller	german women
franz_kafka	austrian births
mary_kingsley	19th-century deaths
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
hwang_jung-eun	south births
daniel_tammet	english of
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
may_cutler	canadian women
p._n._furbank	people of
george_chigas	american american
evan_beloff	canadian television writers
harlan_greene	american american
pearl_s._buck	american from
martin_lodewijk	living births
albert_kivikas	estonian deaths
francesco_saverio_salfi	italian births
hedwig_courths-mahler	20th-century women writers
brunello_rondi	italian male
mícheál_lally	living births
nandita_da_cunha	living of
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
mikhail_artsybashev	russian male
miguel_otero_silva	20th-century from
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
audre_lorde	american american
margaret_roper	english women
oh_soo-yeon_:novelist	living births
christianne_meneses_jacobs	american of
david_wingrove	english births
elisabetta_caminèr_turra	19th-century women
remo_forlani	french male
r._t._kendall	canadian births
richard_g._rosner	american from
david_ebershoff	american male
elchin_afandiyev	azerbaijani writers
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
gustavo_gac-artigas	american people
florin_pavlovici	romanian births
han_kang	people women
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
raghunath_choudhary	asom from
panteleimon_kulish	ukrainian deaths
myriam_joire	canadian births
carlo_dossi	italian deaths
mark_valenti	american television writers
abdurrahman_sharafkandi	serbian writers
richard_edmonds_:scientist	people births
christine_angot	french women writers
baratunde_thurston	american from
pete_mctighe	living of birth
david_l.hough	american of
bruce_bawer	american from
miklós_haraszti	slovenian births
h.m.hoover	american women novelists
george_wilbur_peck	american from
david_m.alexander	american american novelists
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
neal_shusterman	american american novelists
ernest_rhys	scottish deaths
muallim_naci	people deaths
h.g.wells	english of
rajnarayan_basu	bengali writers
a.s.gnanasambandan	indian writers
dominick_dunne	american from
allan_sherman	american from
alan_davis	english births
beau_smith	american comics
elio_vittorini	italian male
nathan_birnbaum	austrian deaths
brian_cleeve	irish from
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
h.r.percy	canadian male novelists
ebrahim_al-arrayedh	people deaths
pedro_barrantes	valencian from
mikhail_zhvanetsky	recipients of
francis_stuart	irish deaths
halldór_laxness	people deaths
daniel_quinn	american american novelists
francesco_scipione,_marchese_di_maffei	italian births
moshe_pearlman	israeli deaths
michael_j._rosen	american male
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
hōmei_iwano	japanese births
eugene_schoulgin	norwegian births
pierre_jean_jouve	french french
eduard_uspensky	russian male
gabriela_brimmer	mexican births
paul_merton	english male
audrey_howard	20th-century women novelists
pearl_s._buck	american from
achdé	french births
frances_erskine_inglis,_1st_marquise_of_calderón_de_la_barca	british of
frances_parthenope_verney	19th-century women writers
andy_wightman	scottish of
monica_arac_de_nyeko	ugandan women
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
frank_westerman	japanese births
ntone_edjabe	living births
mary_wibberley	english women novelists
fahmida_riaz	pakistani of
meera_nanda	living women
philip_pullman	english of
monica_arac_de_nyeko	ugandan women
amrit_bhushan_dev_adhikari	asom from
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
andreas_eschbach	italian births
martin_boyd	australian short
nicholas_sparks	american american
hagop_baronian	armenian deaths
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
david_milofsky	american american short
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
geoffrey_kingscott	british deaths
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
barbara_dawson_smith	21st-century women writers
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
robert_spencer_carr	american american short
claudio_sanchez	american births
hal_clement	american science novelists
nat_nwe	burmese from
dave_erickson	american television writers
anna_maria_ortese	italian women writers
alain_damasio	french french
dirk_philips	flemish from
marie_desplechin	french people
monique_watteau	20th-century women writers
rebecca_skloot	american births writers
carl_phillips	american from
gregg_easterbrook	american from
edmundo_paz_soldán	american births
h.j.whigham	scottish births
dan_jones_:writer	english of
alfred_jarry	french french
betim_muço	albanian albanian
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
rebecca_abe	german women writers
duncan_regehr	canadian from
ernst_heilborn	german german
francisco_herrera_luque	20th-century novelists
alex_gray_:author	british women writers
nicolae_negru	moldovan writers
felicia_skene	19th-century deaths
olivier_rolin	french french
carlos_franz	chilean births
bryan_edgar_wallace	british births
raghunath_choudhary	asom from
danarto	indonesian births
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
marvin_albert	american american novelists
henry_blue_kline	american american
alexander_knox_:theologian	people births
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
elizabeth_lyle_saxon	american deaths
george_cockings	people births
aldous_huxley	english from
omar_kureishi	pakistani of
hannah_louise_shearer	american women novelists
robert_kirkman	american male
dan_j.marlowe	american american novelists
robert_blees	american from
per_ahlmark	swedish of
apuleius	2nd-century romans
amber_benson	american women writers
geling_yan	american people
paul_dini	american television writers
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
oliveria_prescott	english deaths
hallvard_rieber-mohn	norwegian births
eduard_limonov	russian male
charles_phillip_brown	indian writers
michelle_izmaylov	american women novelists
ananda_chandra_agarwala	indian from
david_dark	american of birth
pepita_seth	indian writers
chandra_prasad_saikia	indian from
mark_bence-jones	people of
david_a.kaplan	american of
chen_maiping	20th-century short
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
erhard_frommhold	people deaths
hubert_main	people deaths
fred_bridgland	british of
anne_mackenzie_:writer	year of
barbara_cooney	american from
daniil_mordovtsev	russian russian
nahum_benari	israeli jews
cornelia_meigs	american american
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
mieko_kanai	japanese births
paul_theroux	american from
mike_mcquay	american american short
rebecca_solnit	american women
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
augustin_hamon	french deaths
george_william_curtis	american american
colin_wilson	english english
marion_lennox	australian women writers
owen_kildare	american american novelists
han_sorya	20th-century births
duncan_regehr	canadian from
nanda_hangkhim	living people
philip_e._tetlock	canadian of
fanny_parkes	people births
alf_ahlberg	people deaths
francis_seow	singaporean of
chris_lynch	american from novelists
courtney_summers	21st-century women novelists
constancio_c.vigil	argentine births
alan_wellikoff	american of birth
e.r.frank	american of writers
richard_bartle	british people
ajit_cour	indian writers
françois_gautier	french male
david_boswell	canadian comics
paul_heyse	german german
richard_e._kim	american writers
clifford_bax	english from
gordon_rennie	british of
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
p._n._oak	indian writers
gita_sahgal	indian from
barbara_leonie_picard	20th-century women writers
atsuko_asano_:writer	japanese births
noy_holland	american from
alex_haley	american from
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
renate_stendhal	american births
caroline_fourest	21st-century from
gogu_shyamala	indian writers
hutton_gibson	american from
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
mike_sussman_:tv_promotions_writer/producer	american people writers
angela_litschev	german women
gene_wojciechowski	american from
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
asar_eppel	russian short
peter_weiss	german from
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
duane_simolke	american from
berton_roueché	american from
michal_šanda	living writers
halldór_laxness	people deaths
peter_demant	russian male
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
alfred_jarry	french french
mark_o'donnell	american from
patrick_jennings_:writer	american american novelists
humberto_costantini	argentine women
marie-sissi_labrèche	canadian canadian novelists
michael_t._scott	american male
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
robert_a.heinlein	american from
ng_yi-sheng	singaporean people
carl_phillips	american from
ben_sherwood	american from
michel_désautels	canadian canadian novelists
eugie_foster	american american novelists
melchior_lengyel	hungarian dramatists
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
dave_eggers	american american
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
devananda_bharali	20th-century from
mike_reiss	american television writers
claude_phillips	english of
brandon_mull	american of
elie_wiesel	american american
pramatha_chaudhuri	bengali deaths
oh_jung-hee	living births
arthur_golden	american from
reuben_gold_thwaites	american from
heinz_knobloch	german from
dj_hazard_:comedian	american male
christine_beatty_:activist	american from
domingo_andrés	spanish births
annie_vivanti	italian women
marilyn_suzanne_miller	american television
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
flannery_o'connor	american american
graham_salisbury	american from
ali_bey_huseynzade	azerbaijani deaths
imogen_edwards-jones	british of
ching_he_huang	british of
pat_bullard	canadian people
nugroho_notosusanto	people novelists
david_jay_brown	american from novelists
phil_brucato	living people
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
bernie_west	american from
antonio_moresco	italian italian
alex_flinn	american women novelists
david_garnett	20th-century short
enid_blyton	20th-century women novelists
brentley_frazer	australian from
david_goodis	american american novelists
gilbert_collard	french male
norman_lear	american from
margot_bennett_:writer	20th-century women fiction
chet_faliszek	year comics
miguel_otero_silva	20th-century from
eduardo_acevedo_díaz	latvian births
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
marguerite_young	20th-century women
matt_maiocco	american people
richard_james_gelles	american of
bernard_rudofsky	people deaths
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
géza_gárdonyi	chilean deaths
frances_parthenope_verney	19th-century women writers
rob_gerrand	living people
heather_macallister	american women novelists
adeline_sergeant	english women writers
richard_leonard	people of
abdullah_abdul_kadir	malaysian writers
peter_david	american from novelists
michael_hanlon	people of
iffat_ara	bangladeshi writers
chingiz_abdullayev	people from
miran_jarc	slovenian births
harikumar_:director	indian of birth
evelyn_waugh	english of
prabda_yoon	living people
giani_dhanwant_singh_sital	people deaths
adèle_geras	20th-century women novelists
david_auerbach	american of
freya_north	21st-century women novelists
anica_savić_rebac	serbian deaths
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
merna_summers	canadian women novelists
hamlet_bareh	indian from
nagen_saikia	indian indian
frank_bergon	american from
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
peter_coleman	australian of
monique_laederach	mexican from
margarete_kollisch	20th-century women
danielle_simard	canadian from
neal_drinnan	australian short story
norbert_blei	american american novelists
espen_klouman_høiner	norwegian from
debito_arudou	american from
georges_cogniot	french deaths
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
bharago	indian from
d.c.kizhakemuri	indian from
patricia_maclachlan	american from novelists
georges_polti	french deaths
fred_bodsworth	canadian from
rob_grant	english of writers
bhalchandra_vaman_kelkar	people births
nikolai_yut	chuvash deaths
alan_sillitoe	english short
riccardo_bacchelli	italian women
avram_davidson	american american novelists
douglas_kent_hall	american from
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
emilio_j.pasarell	puerto deaths
eudora_welty	american american
david_weir_:writer	british births
frank_o'hara	american from
gail_tredwell	australian births
carry_van_bruggen	dutch from
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
frank_spotnitz	american television writers
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
birendra_kumar_bhattacharya	indian from
movlud_suleymanli	living people
grace_paley	american american
rene_denfeld	21st-century of writers
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
gordon_waterman_chaplin	american births
george_macovescu	romanian from
helen_darville	australian australian
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
gwyn_thomas_:novelist	20th-century short
peter_bander_van_duren	german deaths
augustus_jessopp	english deaths
ernest_hillen	canadian canadian
donna_kossy	american women
carol_bishop-gwyn	canadian women
moacyr_scliar	brazilian deaths
aziz_nesin	turkish births
golam_mostofa_:poet	indian from
gunning_s.bedford	american deaths
mend-ooyo_gombojav	living writers
enrique_dussel	argentine from
brinsley_macnamara	irish deaths
abdullah_abu_sayeed	bangladeshi of
alex_haley	american from
alice_chetwynd_ley	english romantic
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
cleolinda_jones	american from
abdurrahman_sharafkandi	serbian writers
michael_o'donoghue	american male
melanmai_ponnusamy	indian writers
günther_krupkat	german male
randolph_stow	australian australian
mike_resnick	american american novelists
bill_congreve	year of birth missing living
rebecca_skloot	american births writers
geneviève_billette	canadian canadian novelists
damian_barr	people of
richard_canal	french births
ernest_kinoy	american from
dan_harmon	american television
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
david_miller_:editor	year of birth missing
daniel_vovak	american from
rajanikanta_bordoloi	asom from
michael_krüger_:writer	german women
g.k.chesterton	english male
alishetty_prabhakar	indian deaths
dominick_dunne	american from
alden_r.hatch	american from
reginald_hudlin	american film
francis_birrell	irish births
harry_l.symons	canadian canadian novelists
michael_woods_:comics	american of birth
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
philip_f._deaver	american from
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
ariane_sherine	21st-century people writers
david_horowitz	american from
amber_benson	american women writers
nicholas_wootton	american television writers
amanda_kyle_williams	american women novelists
desmond_hogan	irish short
richard_steele	19th-century of
grigol_robakidze	male dramatists
renan_demirkan	spanish from
carmen_beltrán	swedish deaths
mark_nuckols	american of
hajro_ulqinaku	20th-century novelists
netta_syrett	english english
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
robert_asch	english educated
edward_lewes_cutts	english deaths
barbara_smucker	american women
mervyn_peake	english from
raphael_shore	canadian births
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
giannina_braschi	american women
benjamin_odell_:producer	american male
martin_segon	serbian of
anil_ghorai	indian from
betty_fussell	american births writers
mary_catherine_bateson	american births
edem_awumey	canadian canadian
marilyn_suzanne_miller	american television
daniel_tammet	english of
nicolai_costenco	romanian births
charles_whiting	20th-century deaths
alaya_dawn_johnson	american women novelists
helen_steiner_rice	american women
peter_sotos	american people
quim_barreiros	living people
chuck_philips	american from
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
glen_whitman	american television birth
armitage_trail	american american novelists
gregg_kavet	american television writers
ned_vizzini	american american
alexandr_aksakov	imperial russian
rina_brundu	italian women writers
dinesh_chandra_sen	bengali deaths
françois_rabelais	french male
robert_j.burch	american american novelists
manuel_de_araújo_porto-alegre,_baron_of_santo_ângelo	michael writers is
anselmo_suárez_y_romero	guatemalan novelists
narayan_singh_bhati	indian writers
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
andy_hartnell	american of birth
b.l.coombes	people of
pedro_garcía_cabrera	spanish male
dennis_spooner	english births
cameron_duncan	american from
g.a.kulkarni	indian from
michael_a._burstein	american american short
ian_penman	british births
david_x.cohen	american television
a.igoni_barrett	21st-century short
hester_rogers	english births
catherine_yronwode	american from
rené_hausman	people births
anil_ghorai	indian from
dhirubhai_thaker	indian from
mervyn_wall	irish irish
antonio_corma	spanish births
alexandra_shimo	canadian canadian
anthony_bailey_:author	british of
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
enrique_geenzier	venezuelan deaths
elisabeth_borchers	20th-century women
bette_bao_lord	american korean of
dorothy_malone_:writer	american of death
ilya_tolstoy	russian russian
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
enzo_siciliano	italian male
brian_leung_:author	american of
henry_rice_:writer	british births
herman_pieter_de_boer	dutch deaths
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
quentin_lee	canadian from
ali_fida_akram_tozo	year of birth missing
quim_monzó	spanish births
francesco_carotta	british births
margaret_pemberton	english births
alfonso_rumazo_gonzález	chilean deaths
carlos_franz	chilean births
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
melissa_lucashenko	australian women
howard_norman	american of
olivia_coolidge	american births
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
carole_bache	american deaths
matias_masucci	italian male
benjamin_partridge	british births
ed_vere	people of writers
hallvard_rieber-mohn	norwegian births
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
colin_wilson	english english
edgar_allan_poe	american american
balduin_möllhausen	german deaths
claire_zulkey	american women writers
alexander_genis	american births
pryse_lockhart_gordon	british of
parker_marie_molloy	american from
haden_blackman	american comics birth
peter_james_:writer	english births
anahareo	canadian from
aleksandrs_grīns	latvian births
belinda_jones_:writer	english women
matthew_kennedy_:author	american births
dorothy_cannell	american from
bruno_schulz	polish male
gavan_daws	australian of
michael_friscolanti	canadian of
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
red_haircrow	living people
ramsey_campbell	english english
hans-otto_meissner	german deaths
paul_merton	english male
guido_cervo	italian births
dawid_van_lill	south african
matt_reeves	american television
e.lockhart	american from
pietro_di_donato	american from
michael_dibdin	british of
brian_azzarello	american comics
pauline_johnson	canadian women
maria_aurora_couto	indian women
gregg_kavet	american television writers
adelaide_manning	english women writers
nikolai_virta	russian male
e.lockhart	american from
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
darya_dontsova	russian births
alberto_bevilacqua	italian italian
antonio_macías_del_real	year births
hugh_b.cave	english english
nathan_birnbaum	austrian deaths
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
devaki_nandan_khatri	people births
quentin_lee	canadian from
consuelo_de_sánchez_latour	20th-century women
eileen_albrizio	american women
alana_i.capria	american american
brett_halliday	american american
cherríe_moraga	american american
paul_rohrbach	german births
barry_o'brien	american television
barry_unsworth	english of
david_kushner	year of birth missing
hwang_sun-won	20th-century births
eileen_myers	american television writers
christophe_naudin	belgian births
andrej_e.skubic	slovenian from
michael_aitkens	english male
bentley_kyle_evans	american television
breda_smolnikar	slovenian from
geling_yan	american people
p._n._oak	indian writers
michael_jackson_:writer	english educated
mitch_cullin	american american
glenn_o'brien	american of
mercedes_valdivieso	20th-century women
arthur_c.clarke	english from
malcolm_needs	marc deaths is a a writer writer and
eddie_braben	english educated
robert_stevenson_:director	people births
delight_evans	american of
oktay_rıfat_horozcu	turkish writers
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
marija_vojskovič	20th-century women
george_mogridge_:old_humphrey	english english
al_feldstein	american from
géza_bereményi	hungarian male
otto_eis	austrian deaths
diana_hart	canadian people
michael_moorcock	english science
alan_wellikoff	american of birth
burton_berinsky	american births
daniel_tammet	english of
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
naomi_duguid	canadian people
charles_belfoure	american from novelists
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
allen_spraggett	canadian births
barry_took	english educated
henry_s.whitehead	american american short
claude_bourdet	german from
david_jay_brown	american from novelists
brenda_walker	australian women
andrei_strâmbeanu	moldovan writers
rob_roberge	year of birth
otto_rahn	people births
neel_mukherjee_:writer	indian of
natalie_savage_carlson	american children's
n_prabhakaran	20th-century male
charly_chiarelli	canadian from
gayl_jones	20th-century women
adam_niswander	american american short
coral_lansbury	australian from
bernard_werber	french french novelists
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
franz_jung	people births
peter_altenberg	austrian deaths
catie_lazarus	american of birth
edward_s.aarons	american american novelists
david_n.donihue	american male
frank_bergon	american from
palagummi_padmaraju	indian writers
ikram_akhtar	indian film directors
füruzan	turkish people
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
anna_fricke	year of birth missing
dmitri_savitski	russian writers
candace_camp	american women novelists
bob_rozakis	american comics
funahashi_seiichi	japanese births
elizabeth_george_speare	american american novelists
ricardo_barreiro	argentine male
george_dicaprio	american births
mark_mills_:writer	british of
brett_matthews	american television writers
alfonso_gumucio_dagron	20th-century from
bruce_bawer	american from
rawi_hage	canadian women
richard_b._spencer	american from
hélé_béji	filipino births
matt_jones_:writer	living people
achy_obejas	american american
mary_kay_zuravleff	american american
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
garlieb_merkel	german deaths
mícheál_ó_súilleabháin_:writer	living people birth
alastair_mcintosh	scottish of
gianna_manzini	20th-century women
rené_hausman	people births
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
priya_a._s	indian indian
oh_takbeon	living births
garth_christian	english of
paul_collins_:musician	american births
heinz_politzer	american jews
ernest_hello	french deaths
igor_guberman	russian male
michelle_mclean	living universe
menis_koumandareas	20th-century novelists
rené_de_ceccatty	french french novelists
eulalie_spence	american american
gary_burns_:director	canadian of
aaron_smith_:magician	american from
bruno_schulz	polish male
mira_mihelič	slovenian from
robert_d.cardona	american television
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
agnes_mary_frances_duclaux	english women
charles_dickens	english male
out_el_kouloub	19th-century deaths
malcolm_marmorstein	michael j. is is an writer writer and and
robert_f.young	american male novelists
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
angeline_hango	canadian women novelists
ratnaja	indian film directors
perrine_leblanc	canadian canadian novelists
aldous_huxley	english from
michael_j._tougias	american people
piero_chiara	people births
max_kruse_:author	german deaths
g.k.chesterton	english male
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
randy_powell	american american novelists
edgar_allan_poe	american american
noel_loomis	american from
c.radhakrishnan	indian male
arthur_dimmock	people births
adèle_geras	20th-century women novelists
eldridge_cleaver	american from
richard_reeves_:british_author	british people
peter_o'donnell	english from
elizabeth_sarnoff	american television writers
anna_blaman	20th-century women
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
raziel_reid	canadian from
matt_de_la_peña	american of novelists
mikihiko_renjō	japanese japanese
hervé_bazin	french french
belinda_jones_:writer	english women
gisbert_haefs	german women
alexander_jablokov	american american short
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
michel_butor	french french
anthony_aikman	british births
derek_drymon	american male
paullina_simons	writers from
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
femi_osofisan	south african
duane_ackerson	american american novelists
erin_markey	american women
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
mike_butterworth	english births novelists
henry_lawson	australian women
herbert_lyle_mayfield	american from
brenda_webster	21st-century american
adèle_geras	20th-century women novelists
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
h.rider_haggard	english male
bernie_s.siegel	american from
petru_bogatu	moldovan writers
mira_mihelič	slovenian from
reginald_hill	english of
dan_chaon	american american novelists
p._t._deutermann	american from
oliver_la_farge	american american
bernie_s.siegel	american from
bruce_eisner	american male
robert_saladrigas	catalan people
hamlet_bareh	indian from
gary_russell	english male
ernest_hillen	canadian canadian
namwali_serpell	american people
peter_brookesmith	living births
gabriel_cevallos_garcía	ecuadorian deaths
chris_downey	american television writers
adam_browne	australian births
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
petru_bogatu	moldovan writers
cathleen_with	canadian canadian novelists
božena_němcová	austrian women
nikolai_karonin-petropavlovsky	russian male
annette_pehnt	german women
hélène_lenoir	french women writers
richard_titlebaum	american american
deborah_tall	american women
bernard_goldberg	american from
noel_loomis	american from
alice_borchardt	american women novelists
grace_lumpkin	american american
aymeric_chauprade	french male
david_wong_:writer	american from novelists
dakshinaranjan_mitra_majumder	bengali writers
rick_copp	american from
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
oscar_casares	american people
hannah_louise_shearer	american women novelists
bruce_cassiday	american births
robert_satloff	american from
omar_ben_salem	people births
norman_levine	canadian canadian novelists
norma_k._hemming	20th-century women writers
andré_breton	french deaths
matt_wagner	american comics
milena_nikolova	living births
akash_rajpal	canadian births
mark_bowen_:writer	american people
hortensia_blanch_pita	mexican women writers
ilo_mitkë_qafëzezi	albanian albanian
nicholas_sparks	american american
georgia_byng	people of
avasarala_ramakrishna_rao	indian indian
paula_broadwell	american from
henri_patin	19th-century french
barbara_delaplace	year women birth
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
mark_schultz_:comics	american comics
emilio_salgari	italian male
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
helen_steiner_rice	american women
cleo_odzer	american births
patrick_süskind	german women
achille_essebac	french male
michael_friscolanti	canadian of
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
henry_barham	people births
chris_campanioni	mexican births
muhammed_azam_didamari	malaysian writers
darin_strauss	american american
harishankar_parsai	indian writers
mary_eliza_fullerton	australian women writers
edhem_mulabdić	bosnia and
pacho_o'donnell	argentine births
benjamín_carrión	20th-century deaths
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
miguel_mendonca	british births
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
andre_dubus	american american novelists
michael_carroll_:author	living women
gillian_mears	australian australian
daniil_andreyev	russian male
muallim_naci	people deaths
amina_adil	burmese deaths
hisham_matar	american of
narendra_luther	living births
fremont_rider	american from
aquiles_nazoa	venezuelan from
phyllis_chesler	american from
peter_brash	american television writers
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
david_nobbs	english educated
aleš_čar	slovenian from
david_baillie_:comics	british of
duane_ackerson	american american novelists
brian_lumley	english english
evelyn_patuawa-nathan	new of writers
andre_norton	american american novelists
p-p_hartnett	21st-century short
bryan_thao_worra	american from
carl_van_vechten	american from
maría_teresa_tula	living people
chuck_lorre	american television
carl_muller	south lankan
donna_jo_napoli	american women novelists
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
bertram_brooker	canadian from
rajaa_al-sanea	living people
giuliana_morandini	italian italian
alexander_faulkner_shand	english of
peter_ho_davies	british of
philip_kreiner	canadian canadian novelists
ralph_schoenstein	american from
garnet_walch	australian deaths
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
nikolai_karonin-petropavlovsky	russian male
david_mourão-ferreira	19th-century births
mojca_kumerdej	slovenian women
michael_scott_:irish_author	irish irish
erich_kulka	austrian deaths
b.clay_moore	american of birth
brian_sibley	english births
gemma_o'connor_:writer	20th-century women
michèle_laframboise	canadian children's writers
martin_lings	english of
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
henri_antoine_jules-bois	french deaths
angelika_schrobsdorff	german german
ashley_bryan	american from
daithí_ó_muirí	irish short
norman_ward	canadian from
hans_beimler_:screenwriter	american television writers
elizabeth_julia_hasell	people women
alison_bauld	irish deaths
martine_broda	french women writers
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
bob_shaw	20th-century from fiction
matt_silverstein	american television
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
paul_brodeur	american male
myron_sharaf	american of
c.s.chellappa	indian indian
norberto_romualdez	people writers
habib_bektaş	people writers
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
andrei_sinyavsky	soviet short
david_n.weiss	american from
robb_white	american american
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
agneta_horn	swedish women
annie_hall_cudlip	english women writers
mary_stocks,_baroness_stocks	19th-century deaths
bill_long_:writer	irish births
fabio_fiallo	dominican republic
erica_ehm	canadian from
colin_mcloughlin	year of is
catherine_corley_anderson	american women
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
george_khoury_:author	american male writers
robert_padnick	american television writers
grace_lumpkin	american american
mojca_kumerdej	slovenian women
brenda_chapman	american film
eleanor_millard	canadian canadian short
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
asrul_sani	indonesian births
peter_james_:writer	english births
robert_barret	year of birth
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
michel_onfray	french french
amanda_kyle_williams	american women novelists
filippo_buonaccorsi	italian male
eliza_frances_andrews	american american
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
pam_conrad	american of
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
nathan_fielder	canadian from
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
helen_kendrick_johnson	people deaths
renee_peck	american births
melanie_walsh	living women writers
meera_nanda	living women
carlos_franqui	brazilian births
eustace_budgell	english deaths
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
d.j.machale	american television writers
nagavally_r._s._kurup	indian film
cherríe_moraga	american american
peter_weiss	german from
gordon_lish	american american novelists
anne_devlin_:writer	people of writers
evan_wright	american from
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
fanny_parkes	people births
henry_r.evans	american from
gerry_conway	american male
françois_rabelais	french male
aleksey_chapygin	russian short
mary_francis_shura	american women novelists
robbie_morrison	living of birth
p._craig_russell	american comics
frances_noyes_hart	american from
r._t._kendall	canadian births
brian_jacques	english births
arthur_malkin	english births
cinzia_giorgio	21st-century women
guy_hocquenghem	french french
gheorghe_vodă	moldovan writers
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
margery_latimer	american american novelists
david_alan_grier_:writer	american of birth
charles_dryden	american from
fenton_johnson	american american
pon_kumaran	indian film
nick_stone_:author	21st-century people
paul_genesse	american american
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
cynthia_defelice	20th-century women novelists
giannina_braschi	american women
richard_pursel	american people
martin_walser	german from
michael_dooney	american of birth
andersen_gabrych	american male
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
anne_sayre	american women
bob_shaw	20th-century from fiction
hajro_ulqinaku	20th-century novelists
henri_patin	19th-century french
mikhail_albov	russian russian
ian_rankin	british of
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
gus_john	british of
bhaskar_sunkara	american of
maria_benedita_bormann	brazilian women
fabio_volo	italian births
mulumba_ivan_matthias	ugandan women
artur_augusto_da_silva	cape verdean
odveig_klyve	norwegian norwegian
mikihiko_renjō	japanese japanese
mercer_mayer	american from
benudhar_sharma	indian from
matt_selman	american television writers
alexandre_dumas	french french
alex_kendrick	american male
nik_welter	people births
gerry_davis_:screenwriter	british births
graham_linehan	irish births
matt_de_la_peña	american of novelists
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
donna_mcfarlane	canadian canadian novelists
chigozie_obioma	nigerian nigerian
elizabeth_humphreys_penrose	american american novelists
bernard_assiniwi	canadian from
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
barry_michael_harman	american from
hector_charlesworth	people deaths
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
hans_kristian_eriksen	norwegian norwegian
peter_bergman_:comedian	american from
patrick_cauvin	french french novelists
diane_fanning	american of novelists
henry_theodore_tuckerman	american american
nathan_penlington	living people
rajbali_pandey	people writers
doron_medalie	israeli people
enrico_borla	italian births
raphaël_confiant	french people
anna_de_noailles	french french
robert_haven_schauffler	american from
mark_blagrave	canadian canadian novelists
mike_barker_:producer	american television writers
david_albahari	serbian novelists
quentin_crisp	english male
giuseppe_berto	italian italian
blanche_mcmanus	american american writers
olha_kobylianska	ukrainian from
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
pearl_s._buck	american from
paul_rohrbach	german births
francine_du_plessix_gray	american american
nasir_abbas_nayyar	pakistani births
c.c.swiney	american from
alf_collett	norwegian births
graeme_davis_:game_designer	video comics
robert_gernhardt	german german
nasir_abbas_nayyar	pakistani births
charlie_angus	canadian from
grace_mann_brown	american deaths
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
alan_woo	21st-century canadian novelists
greg_r.fishbone	american male
ahmed_muradbegović	bosnia and
remi_adedeji	living births
barbara_alberti	italian women
hermann_goedsche	19th-century deaths
nikolai_virta	russian male
mohammad_karamudini	iranian people
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
frank_moorhouse	australian short
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
matija_divković	bosnia and herzegovina
amina_mama	21st-century of
rita_clay_estrada	21st-century women novelists
francis_leslie_ashton	20th-century women novelists
david_j.mitchell	canadian from
mary_lavin	irish women
milo_dor	austrian male
mark_ellis_:author	living people
andrej_hieng	slovenian from
ben_hawkey	british male
bruce_vilanch	american from
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
peter_o'donnell	english from
elisabetta_caminèr_turra	19th-century women
peter_cheyney	english deaths
fiona_mcgregor	australian women writers
martin_page_:author	21st-century births
chintha_ravi	indian male
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
bhabani_bhattacharya	indian of
alain_farah	canadian canadian
charles_lalo	french deaths
benjamin_taylor_:author	american university
connie_schultz	american from
adolf_fischhof	people male
nahum_benari	israeli jews
rafael_garcía_serrano	spanish male
craig_walker_:writer	canadian male
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
michiko_nagai	japanese japanese writers
georges_ista	belgian deaths
orrin_keepnews	american from
cheon_un-yeong	south korean
françois_bégaudeau	french french
bradley_bell	american television
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
edward_allen_bernero	american television
nathan_burrage	australian short story
andrej_hieng	slovenian from
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
mieko_kawakami	living births
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
rafael_levaković	dominican deaths
michel_onfray	french french
gregg_kavet	american television writers
frédéric_encel	french births
arnold_bennett	english male
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
adolfo_costa_du_rels	german male
andrew_sabiston	canadian from
ernest_gébler	irish from
chaitanya_tamhane	indian film directors
cylin_busby	american of
diane_burroughs	american television writers
mirzadeh_eshghi	people from
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
martha_brooks	canadian women writers
marguerite_rawalt	american deaths
pierre_michon	french births
pramod_raman	indian women short
anthony_marra	american male
aurelian_silvestru	moldovan writers
daniel_tammet	english of
miguel_de_portilla_y_esquivel	spanish births
robert_bernstein_:comics	american comics
aileen_fisher	american from
aliki_theofilopoulos_grafft	american births
park_wansuh	south korean
feodor_gladkov	russian male
frederick_rolfe	english short
corín_tellado	spanish women
barry_mccrea	irish births
aleksandrs_grīns	latvian births
chris_sheridan_:writer	american male
akiva_schaffer	american male
peter_cunningham_:writer	english deaths
charles_nelson_:writer	american of novelists
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
curt_goetz	german male
hilary_corke	english of
radovan_ivšić	croatian novelists
merna_summers	canadian women novelists
paul_levitz	american comics
raewyn_alexander	new zealand
pierre_assouline	french births
heike_brandt	german women writers
noelle_valdivia	american of birth
miles_franklin	20th-century women writers
robert_h.abel	american american short
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
anatoly_kuznetsov	russian writers
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
heleen_mees	japanese births
marlena_spieler	living people
nancy_holder	american women novelists
charles_de_lint	21st-century from novelists
ada_cambridge	australian women
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
brent_weeks	american of novelists
francisco_laguna_correa	american births
robert_karjel	living births
diego_odoh_okenyodo	saudi births
alexander_m.phillips	american american short
gustavo_gac-artigas	american people
margaret_landon	american from
amy_keating_rogers	american television writers
richard_bartle	british people
moderata_fonte	italian women
giorgio_nurigiani	italian male
iain_aitch	british of birth
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
mikhail_stasyulevich	russian deaths
mary_turzillo	21st-century american novelists
hélène_rioux	canadian women
frank_schätzing	german births
charles_gaines	american from
patrick_califia	american from
attila_györgy	croatian novelists
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
monica_langley	american of
ayub_sabir	pakistani births
franz_borkenau	austrian deaths
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
paul_kidd	australian short story
garrett_fort	american male novelists
azar_nafisi	saudi arabian
henry_james	american male
hank_pellissier	american of writers
brinsley_macnamara	irish deaths
colin_mcnaughton	english of
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
dominique_de_roux	french births
onat_kutlar	turkish writers
nathan_thrall	american from
mary_mapes_dodge	american women
eduardo_acevedo_díaz	latvian births
norman_borisoff	american male novelists
charlotta_frölich	19th-century births
ayun_halliday	american from
david_weir_:writer	british births
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
aldous_huxley	english from
remi_adedeji	living births
eduard_vilde	estonian from
birgitta_trotzig	swedish from
akira_hori	living births
bruce_marshall	people of
frank_o'hara	american from
e.b.white	american from
béatrix_beck	20th-century women
alexander_herzen	russian russian
arshag_chobanian	armenian deaths
paula_fox	american women novelists
ekalavyan_:novelist	indian male
david_graziano	american television writers
philippe_besson	21st-century from
andrew_weinberg	american male
alphonse_rabbe	french deaths
amy_peikoff	american from
david_wong_:writer	american from novelists
mark_weiner	american of writers
matt_wagner	american comics
elena_chudinova	russian births
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
abdul_haq_choudhury	bengali from
per_schwenzen	norwegian norwegian
georges_ista	belgian deaths
alexander_laurence	american from
asrul_sani	indonesian births
fahmida_riaz	pakistani of
marija_vojskovič	20th-century women
mark_o'donnell	american from
anna_goldsworthy	australian from
edward_robinson_:curator	american of
alojzy_lysko	people from
rabina_khan	british of
mary_maccarthy	20th-century women novelists
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
philip_rosenthal	american television writers
nina_güthner	19th-century women writers
caroline_fourest	21st-century from
eric_m.witchey	american american short
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
eric_mitchell_:filmmaker	american film
neel_mukherjee_:writer	indian of
david_treuer	american american
david_toussaint	american from
branko_gradišnik	slovenian from
connie_willis	american american novelists
angelika_schrobsdorff	german german
ayako_ikeda	american births
hans_christian_adamson	american from
fabio_fiallo	dominican republic
marion_st_john_webb	english women
andy_hartnell	american of birth
brandon_friedman	american from
iain_sinclair	alumni of
ed_robison	american births
nancy_kress	american american novelists
mervyn_peake	english from
phillip_frazer	american births
arthur_j.burks	american from
angelina_acuña	20th-century women
chris_marker	french male
may_byron	english women
ikram_akhtar	indian film directors
florencio_varela_:writer	albanian male
barbara_anderson_:writer	20th-century zealand zealand
caroline_leakey	english women
chowdhury_gulam_akbar	bengali writers
h.l.gold	american american short
abena_busia	20th-century women writers
chloë_leland	british of birth
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
harald_parigger	german women writers
abby_mann	american television
margaret_ashmun	american from
ram_sarup_ankhi	indian from
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
martha_wells	american american novelists
christopher_hurn	american of birth
anne_mackenzie_:writer	year of
alain_robbe-grillet	french french
berta_golob	slovenian births
ahmed_ismail_samatar	saudi arabian
r._t._kendall	canadian births
paul_magrs	english science
brian_francis_slattery	american from
abul_asad	bangladeshi births
robert_blees	american from
francesco_marciuliano	american comics
christina_crawford	american women writers
ihsan_abdel_quddous	burmese births
herta_huber	german from
charles_allen_:writer	british births
adam_kuckhoff	german german
imtiyaz_husain	indian film birth
mike_berenstain	american people
max_tau	german deaths
mary_peters_:hymn_writer	people births
erika_cheetham	english deaths
angel_kyodo_williams	american women
namita_gokhale	indian women writers
ram_punjwani	indian from
marianne_alopaeus	dutch women
opal_tometi	american of writers
abul_fazal_:writer	bengali births
graham_duff	english births
adolf_brand	german deaths
henry_gréville	19th-century deaths
dominique_bona	french women
eliette_abécassis	french women writers
david_quinn_:writer	american comics
david_e.kelley	american television
mike_grell	american comics
pavao_pavličić	croatian novelists
edward_m.brecher	american from
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
cecil_e.rhode	american from
minna_canth	19th-century women
brian_lumley	english english
amy_hempel	american from
mary_jo_foley	american bloggers
brian_hargrove	american television
glenda_millard	australian women writers
brent_fletcher	american television writers
robert_boswell	american births
bjarne_rønning	norwegian births
paula_gosling	21st-century women novelists
caroline_healey_dall	american american
richard_sharpe_shaver	american american short
countess_dash	french french writers
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
federico_andahazi	argentine argentine
ananda_chandra_barua	indian from
monica_sone	american from
melissa_holbrook_pierson	american people
niko_nikoladze	ecuadorian novelists
christianne_meneses_jacobs	american of
mirza_adeeb	pakistani from
dmitri_savitski	russian writers
ginger_wadsworth	american women writers
e.vasu	indian indian
abul_fazal_:writer	bengali births
amir_hosein_fardi	iranian births
bozorg_alavi	iranian births
oliver_robins	american male
rasheed_ahmad_siddiqui	recipients from
cheon_sang-byeong	people deaths
pedro_montengón	valencian births
alan_j.porter	english of
giorgio_amendola	italian male
mary_jo_pehl	american television
margaret_landon	american from
adam_kuckhoff	german german
anthony_ellis_:writer	year of birth
eirik_ildahl	norwegian norwegian
curt_gentry	american from
dan_slott	american of writers
gene_luen_yang	american from
robert_svoboda	american from
christopher_story	british of
brian_floca	american of
andrea_heuser	german women
heidi_w.durrow	american american
alix_kates_shulman	21st-century women novelists
mark_nuckols	american of
elsa_joubert	south african
clyde_bruckman	american film
alexander_ross_:writer	people births
amrit_bhushan_dev_adhikari	asom from
murry_hope	english births
nicola_palazzo	italian births
blair_mastbaum	lgbt american
alberto_fuguet	american births
herta_huber	german from
david_malouf	australian short
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
mika_waltari	finnish births
richard_goodman_:writer	american from
eduard_uspensky	russian male
alaya_dawn_johnson	american women novelists
frieda_friedman	american children's
mandy_van_deven	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
devan_:writer	20th-century from
erich_kulka	austrian deaths
amy_sterling_casil	american american short
marc_edmund_jones	manuel deaths was is an american writer and
dale_brown	american from
michael_chamberlain	australian from
catherine_gasquoine_hartley	people births
mihail_șerban_:writer	romanian novelists
deborah_eisenberg	american from
robert_clark_young	american male
monica_arac_de_nyeko	ugandan women
andrei_bitov	russian male
carl_zimmer	american from
anup_singh_choudry	bangladeshi of
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
milan_kundera	20th-century births
nikephoros_i_of_constantinople	byzantine of
antoine_rédier	french male
frank_simoes	indian writers
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
alexandre_beljame	french deaths
max_tau	german deaths
anne_hampson	year romantic birth missing
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
maryana_marrash	chuvash deaths
george_burditt_:writer	american from
bill_nuss	place of birth
marguerite_abouet	living children's
alexis_lichine	people deaths
e.hoffmann_price	american american short
clotilde_de_vaux	19th-century women writers
michael_g._coney	20th-century births novelists
myke_cole	american american novelists
ante_tomić_:writer	croatian novelists
richard_ford_:writer	english deaths
carlos_franqui	brazilian births
antonio_corma	spanish births
dharanidhar_sahu	indian writers
nikša_gradi	serbian writers
david_mason_:writer	american american
hmawbi_saya_thein	burmese births
peter_sotos	american people
gabrielle_carey	australian from
diane_fanning	american of novelists
michèle_laframboise	canadian children's writers
david_boswell	canadian comics
mary_alice_downie	canadian women writers
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
phyllis_a._whitney	american women
meir_shalev	israeli births
raymond_abrashkin	american from
ayun_halliday	american from
cristin_o'keefe_aptowicz	american from
caridad_bravo_adams	mexican women writers
fran_roš	slovenian from
park_min-gyu	south korean
quentin_lee	canadian from
ian_la_frenais	english educated at
dan_michel_of_northgate	english deaths
pat_condell	english educated
richard_levinson	american television
miklós_haraszti	slovenian births
mark_woods_:sportswriter	living of birth missing
earl_oliver	american from
ottar_grepstad	living births
andy_borowitz	american from
rob_nieuwenhuys	dutch dutch
phyllis_krasilovsky	american from
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
rafael_barrett	paraguayan deaths
dwayne_mcduffie	american comics
brian_attebery	american american novelists
paul_kidd	australian short story
edward_robinson_:curator	american of
maryse_dubuc	canadian births
ahmet_zappa	american male
min_lu	burmese writers
ricky_lo	filipino people
daniel_vávra	video game
dick_debartolo	people of
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
dea_birkett	british of
barbara_cooney	american from
ilo_mitkë_qafëzezi	albanian albanian
gwendoline_butler	20th-century women novelists
ng_yi-sheng	singaporean people
epeli_hauʻofa	australian of
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
glaydah_namukasa	ugandan women
richard_newman_:broadcaster	lgbt male
alfred_andersch	german of
al_ewing	british births is
burnie_burns	american male
mike_friedrich	american comics
a.r.krishnashastry	indian from
george_mogridge_:old_humphrey	english english
miriam_toews	canadian from
arthur_bloch	american male
ralph_andrews_barry	american from
pat_condell	english educated
clara_sereni	italian women
a.j.butcher	british of birth missing
françois-thomas-marie_de_baculard_d'arnaud	french french
rené_marqués	puerto rican
mavro_vetranović	20th-century novelists
fazil_iskander	russian short
mustafa_sarıgül	living people
renji_panicker	indian film
gilles-françois_de_beauvais	1693 births
max_kase	american from
amrita_pritam	indian from
edle_hartmann	norwegian deaths
gail_palmer	american births
francesco_scipione,_marchese_di_maffei	italian births
barry_svrluga	american deaths
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
danny_casolaro	american from
barry_blitzer	american from
philippe_besson	21st-century from
quentin_crisp	english male
doug_momary	american television
may_theilgaard_watts	american women
david_ren	american from
michael_robotham	australian births
elie_wiesel	american american
harold_rosenberg	american from
aymeric_chauprade	french male
harry_rowohlt	german from
david_stevens_:screenwriter	australian births
christopher_paul_curtis	american from novelists
daniel_hahn	british of
andrey_aldan-semenov	russian russian
arif_ali-shah	british births
ignaty_potapenko	russian male
orson_spencer	american from
augustus_hare	english deaths
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
niel_bushnell	english births
gerard_stembridge	irish of
atis_kronvalds	people deaths
david_leavitt	american american
henry_poulaille	french deaths
abujafar_shamsuddin	bengali births
naresh_mehta	indian writers
beverley_jackson	american women novelists
ha_geun-chan	south korean
dominik_smole	slovenian novelists
chiara_matraini	italian italian
ove_von_spaeth	living writers
cathryn_humphris	american television birth
balázs_orbán	people births
gabrielle_stanton	american television writers
anjum_anand	british of
himansu_sekhar_fatesingh	himansu births is
chantal_renaud	canadian from
daniel_aaron	american of
cynthia_ozick	american american
margaret_landon	american from
andy_luckey	american from
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
ed_hannigan	american comics writers
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
greg_olear	american from
benoît_peeters	french births
graham_sleight	english science fiction
alfred_machin_:writer	people of
ayu_utami	indonesian writers
ram_punjwani	indian from
anita_nair	20th-century indian
elwood_ullman	american births
berta_bojetu	slovenian from
david_crane_:producer	american from
adam_kotsko	american from
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
george_mogridge_:old_humphrey	english english
flannery_o'connor	american american
geoffrey_archer_:writer	english births
amanda_mckittrick_ros	19th-century births
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
don_payne_:writer	american from
aurania_rouverol	american women
gunvor_hofmo	norwegian women writers
bruce_woolley	english births
eric_garcia	american from
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
chintha_ravi	indian male
christy_brown	irish deaths
craig_walker_:writer	canadian male
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
francis_seow	singaporean of
maureen_howard	american american
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
don_novello	american male
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
c.j.stevens	american american
giorgio_van_straten	italian italian
francis_webb_:writer	english english
george_wilbur_peck	american from
ntone_edjabe	living births
alexander_grin	russian male
riad_ismat	syrian of
r._k._narayan	indian from
dinakara_desai	indian from
hilda_twongyeirwe	ugandan women
dayal_padmanabhan	indian film
alan_cheuse	american american short
adam_kotsko	american from
margarete_kollisch	20th-century women
nigoghos_sarafian	armenian deaths
george_m.merrick	american from
boris_aprilov	polish from
benoît_peeters	french births
nagendra_narayan_choudhury	indian from
patricia_wentworth	20th-century women novelists
refika_birgül	living people
pierre_mornand	french births
paulette_nardal	20th-century women writers
franco_scaglia	italian italian
drago_jančar	slovenian from
mitchell_hurwitz	american television writers
hannah_mary_rothschild	english of
carol_lee_flinders	american from
david_toussaint	american from
annette_lapointe	canadian women
alison_hume	year women writers
barry_oakley	australian australian
andrew_clements	american from
richmond_shepard	american births
muallim_naci	people deaths
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
helene_hanff	american women
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
charly_chiarelli	canadian from
elliot_caplin	american births
p-p_hartnett	21st-century short
rick_husky	american people
eulalie_spence	american american
paul_dini	american television writers
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
mervyn_peake	english from
marianne_csaky	writers from
milly_witkop	german births
didier_leclair	canadian canadian novelists
maría_lejárraga	polish male
rajzel_żychlińsky	american american
c.b.cebulski	year of birth missing
may_cutler	canadian women
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
alex_law	american comics writers
fremont_rider	american from
berta_ruck	20th-century women novelists
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
peter_philipp	german german
paul_dini	american television writers
grigory_adamov	russian male
delia_grigore	romanian from
edward_litt_laman_blanchard	english deaths
pacho_o'donnell	argentine births
acharya_chatursen_shastri	20th-century male
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
dwight_macdonald	american from
hugh_walters_:author	english deaths
melinda_hsu_taylor	american of writers
matija_bećković	serbian of
beatrix_campbell	british of
nihal_atsız	turkish writers
david_h.goodman	american television writers
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
ben_domenech	american from
mícheál_ó_súilleabháin_:writer	living people birth
ilka_stitz	german women
rob_long	american television writers
paul_bellini	canadian from
constantin_stamati-ciurea	people from
franci_cerar	year of birth
margaret_roper	english women
patrice_killoffer	french people
richard_hooker_:author	american from
anne_bragance	21st-century women writers
gopala_chandra_praharaj	indian from
earl_mindell	american from
mary_kingsley	19th-century deaths
durga_charan_mohanty	indian from
margo_glantz	mexican women
alden_r.hatch	american from
mary_maclane	canadian women
angelo_lo_jacono	italian deaths
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
phillip_sandifer	american births
michel_basilières	canadian canadian novelists
fyodor_stepun	russian deaths
hortense_calisher	american american
c.v.sreeraman	indian male
david_shore	canadian from
helen_steiner_rice	american women
pierre_bettencourt	french deaths
robert_dean_frisbie	american from
barbara_faith	american women novelists
arjun_singh_sethi	american of
eliza_frances_andrews	american american
rob_long	american television writers
mary_griffith	american children's writers
numa_sadoul	living births
albert_monteys	people births
alberto_barrera_tyszka	croatian novelists
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
felipe_mellizo	spanish male
mikhail_artsybashev	russian male
nino_nakashidze	20th-century women
abul_asad	bangladeshi births
milan_mirić	croatian novelists
alice_mcdermott	american women
consuelo_de_saint_exupéry	french french writers
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
peter_wells_:filmmaker	new of
alissa_quart	21st-century women
gerald_j.tate	irish births writers
barney_simon	south african
flora_fraser_:writer	english of
frederick_rolfe	english short
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
andrius_tapinas	lithuanian novelists
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
adam_niswander	american american short
harriet_fier	american of birth
michael_shermer	american from
charles_étienne_brasseur_de_bourbourg	french french
giorgio_nadali	italian births
arthur_bernède	20th-century french
edna_mayne_hull	20th-century women novelists
hemchandra_barua	asom from
akram_aylisli	azerbaijani azerbaijani
patrick_richardson	british of
derrick_white_:politician	people of
philippe-joseph_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
philip_walsingham_sergeant	english births
dolen_perkins-valdez	21st-century of novelists
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
ayu_utami	indonesian writers
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
antonio_alatorre	20th-century from
eddie_chuculate	american from
gabrielle_lord	australian women
ching_he_huang	british of
howard_norman	american of
andré_bjerke	norwegian norwegian
adam_klein_:writer	american male
eliette_abécassis	french women writers
peter_james_:writer	english births
marianne_farningham	british deaths
nuray_lale	living women
charles_lamb	english births
akram_aylisli	azerbaijani azerbaijani
henrique_abranches	20th-century from
nikolay_nosov	soviet male
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
demetrios_bernardakis	venezuelan births
richard_bach	american from
polly_frost	21st-century american novelists
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
fanny_parkes	people births
gary_victor	haitian dramatists
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
pat_whalen	living people
rachel_qitsualik-tinsley	canadian women writers
perry_rosemond	canadian from
ali_aliu	people births
bibhuprasad_mohapatra	people writers
ferenc_talányi	people writers
alvaro_bermejo	spanish births
gerlind_reinshagen	german women
devon_shepard	american television writers
darya_dontsova	russian births
mike_w._barr	american comics
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
andrey_dikiy	russian russian
alphonse_de_châteaubriant	french french
ian_denis_johnson	american bloggers
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
ian_doescher	american american novelists
michael_pryor	australian people
edwin_monroe_bacon	american deaths
evelyne_lallemand	french women writers
ernst_hinterberger	people from
gurdial_singh	indian from
emily_kai_bock	canadian from
andré_bjerke	norwegian norwegian
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
cara_hoffman	21st-century women novelists
bob_paris	american from
miran_jarc	slovenian births
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
oliver_onions	english male
barrie_jean_borich	21st-century women writers
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
garin_wolf	american television writers
horace_kephart	american deaths
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
guillermo_morón	venezuelan births
mohammed_naseehu_ali	american from
nyo_mya	burmese births
ian_macpherson_:comedian	irish births
hirotada_ototake	living births
annie_vivanti	italian women
alex_haley	american from
edward_allen_bernero	american television
raymond_jean	french male
bud_sparhawk	american american short
christopher_green_:author	australian women writers
gary_myers_:writer	american american short
daphne_clair	20th-century women novelists
elena_chudinova	russian births
david_icke	english of
adolf_brand	german deaths
michael_jackson_:writer	english educated
rajiv_rai	indian film
margaret_maddocks	20th-century women novelists
graham_higgins	british births is
pierre_morency	canadian from
alaya_dawn_johnson	american women novelists
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
marti_leimbach	21st-century women novelists
charles_hugh_smith	american births
catherine_buckle	20th-century births
connie_schultz	american from
mikhail_zhvanetsky	recipients of
brendan_hay	american male
dara_ó_conaola	year of birth missing
may_cutler	canadian women
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
peary_chand_mitra	bengali writers
brian_cleeve	irish from
richard_mccann	american from
horace_kephart	american deaths
dmitri_prigov	russian male
paul_jessup_:writer	american american novelists
giuseppe_berto	italian italian
hugh_abercrombie_anderson	canadian from
robert_leighton_:cartoonist	living people
charlotte_vale_allen	canadian women novelists
emanuilo_janković	serbian deaths
mary_batten	american people
charles_willeford	american from
barbara_delinsky	21st-century women novelists
coleman_jacoby	american from
fernando_gonzález_:writer	cambodian deaths
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
berta_ruck	20th-century women novelists
matt_brandstein	american comics
françois_leperlier	french births
george_anania	romanian novelists
david_w.potter	british of
donald_gallinger	american american short
david_emanuel_wahlberg	american deaths
anne_eyre_worboys	20th-century women novelists
matt_wayne	american comics
annie_hall_cudlip	english women writers
benjamin_partridge	british births
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
erica_basnicki	canadian from
ian_casocot	people births
dan_flores	american from
caelius_rhodiginus	italian deaths
esther_hautzig	american deaths
phillips_lord	american from
emily_wachtel	american television writers
blanche_mcmanus	american american writers
camille_de_toledo	french french
medo_pucić	serbian deaths
don_perrin	canadian from
darin_goldberg	american television writers
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
devaki_nandan_khatri	people births
donna_jo_napoli	american women novelists
michael_blumlein	american american novelists
markus_hediger	swiss from
ernest_marwick	scottish deaths
namita_gokhale	indian women writers
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
pierre_morency	canadian from
barbara_dawson_smith	21st-century women writers
p._schuyler_miller	american american short
frank_o'hara	american from
dmytro_dontsov	ukrainian deaths
bohdan_pawłowicz	israeli deaths
donald_j.sobol	american from
frederick_guthrie	british of
monica_edwards	20th-century women writers
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
alfred_andersch	german of
richie_webb	english of
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
matt_wagner	american comics
alberto_fuguet	american births
al_boasberg	american from
maría_lejárraga	polish male
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
paula_fox	american women novelists
molly_mccloskey	american births
alain_farah	canadian canadian
alan_landsburg	american from
barbara_branden	canadian from
rinki_bhattacharya	indian people
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
robert_beauvais	french deaths
bjørn_sand	norwegian births
maurice_blanchot	french male
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
gyles_brandreth	english of
g.k.chesterton	english male
miriam_toews	canadian from
mary_turzillo	21st-century american novelists
gita_sahgal	indian from
nagavally_r._s._kurup	indian film
maude_kegg	american women writers
mildred_ames	american women novelists
pablo_illanes	chilean births
gail_giles	american of birth
paullina_simons	writers from
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
ota_pavel	austrian births
rhianna_pratchett	english people
marty_feldman	english male
ian_casocot	people births
diana_browning	women romantic novelists
mervyn_wall	irish irish
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
david_ruprecht	american from
martin_walser	german from
graham_salisbury	american from
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
caroline_healey_dall	american american
andersen_gabrych	american male
aziz_nesin	turkish births
dewi_lestari	indonesian births
rené_boylesve	french deaths
pavle_julinac	serbian of
peg_lynch	american from
deepu_pradeep	british births is
elsa_kazi	pakistani births
george_lockhart_:politician	people of
harriette_campbell	19th-century women
olle_adolphson	swedish from
arun_krushnaji_kamble	indian births
gustav_falke	german from
henry_bordeaux	french deaths
mary_agria	21st-century american novelists
gustavo_gac-artigas	american people
anna-clara_tidholm	20th-century women writers
david_j.mitchell	canadian from
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
brett_johnson_:writer	american television writers
dave_godfrey	canadian from
doris_piserchia	american women novelists
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
bud_sparhawk	american american short
david_jubermann	new zealand zealand
bernie_s.siegel	american from
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
francesca_duranti	italian women
andrew_hindes	american male
esther_hautzig	american deaths
millôr_fernandes	brazilian dramatists
henry_stephens_salt	english of
chigozie_obioma	nigerian nigerian
hanne_ørstavik	21st-century women writers
andreas_bruce	swedish births
enrichetta_caracciolo	italian births
charles_perez	american from
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
herta_huber	german from
marilyn_kaye	living from
dietrich_schwanitz	german births
david_renwick	english births
raoul_vaneigem	belgian births
charity_waciuma	20th-century women
rashid_askari	bangladeshi people
amanda_mckittrick_ros	19th-century births
gustavo_gac-artigas	american people
michiko_nagai	japanese japanese writers
garson_kanin	american male novelists
anne_homer	american women writers
dave_stone	english births
cinzia_giorgio	21st-century women
halil_jaçellari	albanian short
anne_devlin_:writer	people of writers
paul_tough	canadian people
gorur_ramaswamy_iyengar	indian writers
bill_mantlo	american comics
gary_cohn_:comics	american comics
angeline_hango	canadian women novelists
abena_busia	20th-century women writers
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
danarto	indonesian births
myrna_dey	canadian women novelists
emily_underdown	english women
pedro_barrantes	valencian from
brian_cooke	british of
max_handley	british births
martin_waddell	australian births
alan_dean_foster	american american novelists
donna_mcfarlane	canadian canadian novelists
armas_äikiä	ukrainian deaths
nicholas_wootton	american television writers
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
mitch_cullin	american american
gunnel_vallquist	swedish swedish
goran_vojnović	slovenian from
robert_p.t.coffin	american american
nicholas_kollerstrom	british people
gregory_keyes	american american novelists
may_cutler	canadian women
darrell_figgis	19th-century deaths
ardath_mayhar	american american novelists
mary_maclane	canadian women
christoph_von_schmid	german women
andré_pieyre_de_mandiargues	french french
anna_piaggi	italian women
cameron_rogers	australian births
alasdair_gray	british of
emilio_praga	italian italian
perry_rosemond	canadian from
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
brian_floca	american of
costa_dillon	american of
philippe-joseph_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
augustin_hamon	french deaths
dwayne_mcduffie	american comics
hugo_sonnenschein	german deaths
nastaran_akhavan	living people
barbara_delinsky	21st-century women novelists
giovanni_battista_cavalcaselle	italian italian
rachakonda_viswanatha_sastry	indian from
buddhadeb_guha	bengali writers
mike_leigh	english male
matt_kindt	american comics
anne_marie_winston	american women novelists
michitsuna_no_haha	10th-century births
paul_kirchner	american from
andrew_lam	american american
rajendra_banhatti	living births
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
dimitri_verhulst	people deaths
dimitrija_čupovski	people deaths
anatol_codru	moldovan births
margaret_bennett_:writer	21st-century of
nat_gertler	american comics
andrés_useche	american births
michael_robotham	australian births
monica_edwards	20th-century women writers
natabar_samantaray	indian from
céline_renooz	belgian belgian
elizabeth_walter	20th-century of fiction
fathia_absie	american film
phyllis_chesler	american from
frank_r.stockton	american from
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
charles_de_lint	21st-century from novelists
paula_fox	american women novelists
muallim_naci	people deaths
bert_sugar	american of writers
mary_renault	20th-century from
michelle_delio	year of birth
peter_de_zwaan	living people
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
david_f.case	american american novelists
mary_daheim	american women novelists
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
gun_arvidssen	american births
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
han_sorya	20th-century births
go_osaka	japanese japanese
mark_hentemann	american television writers
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
christopher_sequeira	australian from
cary_lu	american births
abraham_eraly	indian writers
alberto_de_meneses_rodrigues	indian from
anita_pratap	indian women writers
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
heinrich_smidt	german births
dawid_van_lill	south african
olivier_weber	french french
douglas_anthony_cooper	canadian canadian novelists
mehmed_uzun	turkish births
gale_wilhelm	american american
gillian_mears	australian australian
elie_wiesel	american american
franco_scaglia	italian italian
donald_f.glut	american comics
ram_shankar_tripathi	indian writers
abel_meeropol	american deaths
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
ezra_jack_keats	american of
c.h.sisson	english of
adam_resnick	american television writers
connie_willis	american american novelists
akiva_schaffer	american male
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
michael_carroll_:author	living women
h.g.wells	english of
chester_himes	american from
marguerite_j._gascoigne	20th-century women novelists
harriette_campbell	19th-century women
aisha_muharrar	american television
denton_welch	english of
fred_stenson_:writer	canadian from
bill_oakley	american television
max_huwyler	living people
maureen_medved	21st-century women novelists
nora_bossong	german women
claire_mowat	canadian women writers
norman_rush	american american novelists
fiona_mcintosh_:fencer	scottish of
ochirbatyn_dashbalbar	20th-century deaths
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
arun_krushnaji_kamble	indian births
harold_bell_wright	american from
charles_bucke	english male
anabel_ochoa	spanish births
beth_lisick	american of novelists
philip_ó_ceallaigh	irish women
eynon_evans	british births
g.a.kulkarni	indian from
marco_magnani	marc j. is is american writer writer and
gisbert_haefs	german women
berta_golob	slovenian births
murray_boltinoff	american comics
henriette_gislesen	norwegian norwegian
aya_tanimura	australian women writers
colin_wilson	english english
paul_levitz	american comics
arimasa_osawa	japanese japanese
pavao_posilović	bosnia and herzegovina
andrievs_niedra	latvian births
aaron_elkins	american american novelists
abigail_pogrebin	american from
michel_désautels	canadian canadian novelists
mohammadreza_bayrami	iranian births
barbara_branden	canadian from
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
charlotte_von_kalb	german births
richard_appignanesi	canadian canadian
carlos_méndez_villalobos	mexican births
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
elliot_greenebaum	american from
giovanni_arduino_:author	italian births
edith_thacher_hurd	american women writers
douglas_anthony_cooper	canadian canadian novelists
frieda_friedman	american children's
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
george_saunders	american from
guy_gavriel_kay	canadian from
giulia_enders	german women writers
agata_tuszyńska	people deaths
amrit_bhushan_dev_adhikari	asom from
robert_mccloskey	american from
rebecca_hanover	american television writers
ayu_utami	indonesian writers
alan_gibbons	english births
hrvoje_hitrec	croatian novelists
hanna_rambe	indonesian births
ian_rogers_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
dorothy_fowler	20th-century women writers
geum_hee	south korean
michael_j._tougias	american people
norman_ward	canadian from
angela_litschev	german women
orrin_keepnews	american from
balázs_orbán	people births
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
epeli_hauʻofa	australian of
c.v.sreeraman	indian male
holly_nelson	canadian of
nikša_gradi	serbian writers
arthur_golden	american from
martin_crilly	australian from
ali_imam	bangladeshi of
maureen_medved	21st-century women novelists
robbie_morrison	living of birth
ben_stein	american male
rob_long	american television writers
eduard_limonov	russian male
célestine_hitiura_vaite	21st-century women
marie-louise_gay	canadian from
grace_kennedy_:writer	19th-century women
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
ravindra_pinge	people births
morris_beckman_:writer	english births
eric_forsberg	american male
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
rhoda_shipman	american comics
edward_dicey	english deaths
pagu	brazilian women
beatrice_harraden	english women
attila_henrik_szabó	hungarian male
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
cynthia_kadohata	american women writers
mick_anglo	people births
evan_fallenberg	american american
desa_muck	slovenian from
christopher_hurn	american of birth
heidi_w.durrow	american american
christopher_h.bidmead	people of
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
robert_clark_young	american male
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
menis_koumandareas	20th-century novelists
oscar_balderrama	american television writers
robert_hull	american television writers
eulalie_spence	american american
c.n.sreekantan_nair	indian male
patricia_matthews	20th-century women novelists
richard_n._goodwin	american people
adam_elliot	australian births
mihail_șerban_:writer	romanian novelists
mustafa_sarıgül	living people
alice_furlong	irish women
franz_kafka	austrian births
albert_kivikas	estonian deaths
david_morris_:author	american of
charlotte_zolotow	american women
peter_lovesey	english short
george_wheeler_hinman	american from
dan_kieran	british births
adolf_fierla	polish from
massimo_del_pizzo	living of fiction
farhat_ishtiaq	pakistani births
ameen_rihani	american american
alina_bronsky	living people writers
richard_baker_:theologian	english deaths
richard_steele	19th-century of
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
pyotr_polevoy	russian writers
banine	azerbaijani from
meredith_post	american television writers
eric_dando	australian short story
panagiotis_kondylis	20th-century writers
clifford_bax	english from
alexander_kanengoni	british deaths
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
david_graziano	american television writers
mary_butts	english women
boris_vasilyev_:writer	russian male
nathan_thrall	american from
edward_maitland	english deaths
adam_small_:writer	afrikaans-language of
arthur_arnould	french deaths
bernard_maclaverty	scottish of
francisco_alarcón_estaba	venezuelan births
nio_joe_lan	indonesian deaths
dahlia_lithwick	canadian of birth
alexander_levitov	russian russian
alfred_gregory_yewen	australian deaths
eliza_frances_andrews	american american
mary_butts	english women
brian_halweil	american of birth
marjorie_celona	21st-century women novelists
christopher_green_:author	australian women writers
geneviève_billette	canadian canadian novelists
marie_fox	people deaths
ben_dolnick	american from novelists
ana_tena	spanish women writers
norman_hapgood	american from
mark_forsyth	english births
owen_wister	american from
gustav_von_struensee	german male
diana_browning	women romantic novelists
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
dino_stamatopoulos	american television
raghunath_choudhary	asom from
dalia_sofer	american of
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
christopher_mckitterick	american american short
angel_cruchaga_santa_maría	american deaths
francisco_gonzález_ledesma	spanish women
marjorie_w._sharmat	american women writers
eric_garcia	american from
marti_leimbach	21st-century women novelists
nicky_moey	singaporean people
gerit_quealy	american from
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
mena_calthorpe	australian women
bernadette_hall	new zealand novelists
bakdi_soemanto	indonesian writers
gisele_lagace	canadian comics
abdul_hameed_:writer	pakistani from
daniel_hahn	british of
fred_davis_:entrepreneur	american male
ben_stein	american male
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
neli_kodrič	slovenian from
cary_lu	american births
norman_rush	american american novelists
paul_magrs	english science
nikolai_garin-mikhailovsky	russian russian
eriks_ādamsons	20th-century deaths
pierre_daninos	20th-century french
i.dragoslav	romanian short
gary_shteyngart	american writers
hermann_kasack	german german
meinolf_finke	german births
chaman_nahal	indian from
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
rhianna_pratchett	english people
boris_aprilov	polish from
daniel_handler	american male
nigar_rafibeyli	azerbaijani novelists
matt_brandstein	american comics
anup_singh_choudry	bangladeshi of
richard_levinson	american television
marilyn_roberts	british of
ben_raab	american comics
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
monica_mary_gardner	english deaths
matthew_randazzo_v	american births
anatole_broyard	american from
constantin_göttfert	people births
maureen_medved	21st-century women novelists
ned_vizzini	american american
ed_earl_repp	american american short
aniceto_dos_reis_gonçalves_viana	people births
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
robbie_branscum	american women
andre_jacquemetton	american television writers
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
ray_connolly	british births
charlotte_zolotow	american women
meto_jovanovski_:writer	living writers
husna_ahmad	british of
michael_lisicky	american from
ginger_wadsworth	american women writers
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
edgar_valter	people deaths
henry_miller	american from
armas_äikiä	ukrainian deaths
boris_pahor	people of
ernest_hillen	canadian canadian
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
alastair_mcintosh	scottish of
alfredo_seiferheld	male births
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
abby_mann	american television
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
arturo_lanocita	italian births
marguerite_poland	south african
harry_cross_:sportswriter	american from
cea_sunrise_person	canadian from
dale_carnegie	american from
frode_grytten	norwegian births
bill_oddie	english educated
costa_dillon	american of
beb_vuyk	20th-century women writers
rajiv_rai	indian film
richard_appel	american from
barbara_cooney	american from
casey_plett	canadian canadian
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
esther_averill	american women
ernesto_sabato	argentine births
amrita_pritam	indian from
guy_davenport	american american
antoine_blondin	french male
enrique_larreta	argentine births
rian_johnson	american television
hans_ehrenbaum-degele	german deaths
nandini_sidda_reddy	indian writers
norrey_ford	english romantic writers
clara_ng	saudi births
desmond_hogan	irish short
hasnat_abdul_hye	bengali writers
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
pradeep_sarkar	indian film
andrew_pepoy	american comics
aaron_alfandari	people births
george_william_johnson_:writer	english deaths
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
antoine_bigot	19th-century french
richard_baker_:theologian	english deaths
miria_george	new of writers
frieda_a.murray	american women novelists
goran_vojnović	slovenian from
gaston_de_pawlowski	french french
claude_aveline	french french
gerlind_reinshagen	german women
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
david_n.weiss	american from
mohamed_chafik	living births
pierre_daninos	20th-century french
pierrette_fleutiaux	french women writers
harry_b.smith	american from
peter_brimelow	american from
eric_cross_:writer	japanese deaths
mathilde_schjøtt	norwegian norwegian
neel_mukherjee_:writer	indian of
helen_van_pelt_wilson	american from
dave_smeds	american american short
elisabeth_augustin	20th-century women
belo_cipriani	american american
marie_rutkoski	american from
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
alan_mak_:director	hong kong
richard_james_gelles	american of
cissy_van_marxveldt	dutch births
andy_goodman	american of birth
chanida_phaengdara_potter	american from
edmond_hoyle	english deaths
fran_striker	american from
andré_chevrillon	french births
alan_sillitoe	english short
paul_petit_:writer	french deaths
george_mcwhirter	canadian from
c.s.chellappa	indian indian
amber_dawn	21st-century women
gopala_chandra_praharaj	indian from
betty_roland	australian women
miguel_otero_silva	20th-century from
alberto_arbasino	italian births
mutlaq_hamid_al-otaibi	saudi arabian
brett_halliday	american american
david_jay_brown	american from novelists
bill_pronzini	american american novelists
célestine_hitiura_vaite	21st-century women
h.c.cradock	20th-century women writers
mohammad_karamudini	iranian people
myriam_francois-cerrah	living people writers
david_e.kelley	american television
david_safier	german male
george_malcher	british of
dan_abnett	british of
georges_ribemont-dessaignes	french french
andrius_tapinas	lithuanian novelists
marie_luise_droop	german male
frances_edmonds	year of birth missing
gail_simmons	canadian from
d.j.grothe	american from
denis_johnson	american american
bill_scheft	american american novelists
hugh_abercrombie_anderson	canadian from
claude_mckay	people people
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
mary_lamb	19th-century women
constance_heaven	20th-century romantic novelists
ningeokuluk_teevee	canadian from
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
nahum_benari	israeli jews
nagen_saikia	indian indian
adolf_brand	german deaths
nan_nyunt_swe	burmese births
otto_rahn	people births
frédéric_beigbeder	french french
paul_h._bruske	american deaths
douglas_adams	english from
noel_loomis	american from
mkrtich_armen	armenian deaths
birgitta_trotzig	swedish from
oscar_r._gómez	living writers
penny_petrone	canadian of
elsie_johansson	swedish women
neville_cardus	english of
raša_papeš	living writers
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
beatrix_campbell	british of
cameron_stracher	american of
edgar_allan_poe	american american
antal_stašek	19th-century of
edward_gorey	american from
adelaide_manning	english women writers
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
nene_gare	australian women
michitsuna_no_haha	10th-century births
marjorie_wallace_:sane	british of
hajra_masroor	pakistani from
frédéric_mistral	19th-century french
benjamin_cheever	american american novelists
eugen_kumičić	croatian novelists
desmond_hogan	irish short
bonnie_clearwater	american from
claude_mckay	people people
esther_averill	american women
angela_litschev	german women
gerald_ganglbauer	people of
c.dean_andersson	american comics
alexandre_astier	french male
edle_hartmann	norwegian deaths
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
alasdair_gray	british of
elsa_kazi	pakistani births
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
p._craig_russell	american comics
g.k.govinda_rao	indian of
rebecca_greer	american women
alexandre_del_valle	french people
božena_němcová	austrian women
reginald_hudlin	american film
david_shore	canadian from
matt_bullen	english births
giulio_cogni	italian male
pierre_ouellet	canadian canadian novelists
mazhar_abro	pakistani short
erica_johnson_debeljak	american american
henry_lawson	australian women
norman_rush	american american novelists
paulette_bourgeois	canadian people
herbert_achternbusch	german german
christopher_moeller	american from
heidi_w.durrow	american american
michael_harris_:editor	canadian canadian
mohamed_chafik	living births
maria_theresa_lewis	people deaths
carol_barbee	american television writers
dalton_delan	american television
mutlaq_hamid_al-otaibi	saudi arabian
gavriil_troyepolsky	russian deaths
anna_godbersen	american from
mark_gruenwald	american comics
david_wong_:writer	american from novelists
petar_kočić	bosnia and herzegovina
ginn_hale	american american short
eleanor_farnes	place of birth missing
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
eustace_budgell	english deaths
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
g.k.chesterton	english male
albert_cossery	20th-century novelists
dave_laing	english of
nio_joe_lan	indonesian deaths
peter_james_:writer	english births
dikran_chökürian	ottoman armenian
mary_stocks,_baroness_stocks	19th-century deaths
arthur_c.clarke	english from
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
rabina_khan	british of
agneta_horn	swedish women
maria_mutch	canadian canadian novelists
birendra_kumar_bhuyan	indian from
alan_davis	english births
megan_mayhew_bergman	21st-century women writers
bernard_marshall	american from
mel_tolkin	american male
ramaranjan_mukherji	indian writers
imran_shah_:writer	asom from
gerald_vizenor	american american
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
paula_gosling	21st-century women novelists
eric_garcia	american from
anne_hocking	20th-century women writers
carlos_manuel_de_céspedes_y_quesada	people births
david_albahari	serbian novelists
maria_von_peteani	20th-century deaths
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
holly_nelson	canadian of
alexander_genis	american births
petru_cărare	moldovan writers
marjorie_celona	21st-century women novelists
doris_gercke	german women writers
henry_clay_lewis	american from
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
danielle_trussoni	american from
amiri_baraka	american from
apostolos_doxiadis	greek births
mbongeni_ngema	south births
rie_cramer	dutch births
fredrika_bremer	swedish swedish
cass_pennant	english male
megan_boyle	living people
bárður_oskarsson	south births
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
c.j.stevens	american american
halil_jaçellari	albanian short
conrad_voss_bark	british births
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
holley_rubinsky	canadian women novelists
michael_costigan_:writer	australian births
carl_fredrik_engelstad	dutch births
philip_k._dick	american american
aaron_alfandari	people births
beppe_fenoglio	italian male
richard_zenith	mexican women
carl_zimmer	american from
barry_liebmann	year of birth missing
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
may_theilgaard_watts	american women
doug_momary	american television
eliza_frances_andrews	american american
norman_ward	canadian from
paddy_richardson	21st-century zealand writers
mitch_cullin	american american
mary_lamb	19th-century women
hella_haasse	20th-century women
marta_kauffman	american male
owen_wister	american from
cynthia_defelice	20th-century women novelists
gaylord_dubois	american births
daniel_ford_:editor_and_writer	south african writers
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
rené_daumal	french french
michael_cisco	american american novelists
allan_sherman	american from
erica_johnson_debeljak	american american
heloise_:columnist	american from
bruno_podalydès	french male
aqeel_ahmed	english births
daisy_gardner	american television writers
paul_kidd	australian short story
eliza_robertson	21st-century women short
bill_oddie	english educated
david_a.goodman	american television writers
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
cristina_ali_farah	italian births
friedrich_märker	german from
patricia_wrede	21st-century women novelists
anna_seghers	german of
besnik_mustafaj	people male
edith_bruck	20th-century women
adam_nevill	english births
ali_bey_huseynzade	azerbaijani deaths
michelle_herman	living births writers
marina_ripa_di_meana	italian women
elizabeth_buchan	20th-century women novelists
rachel_lebowitz	canadian women
patrick_califia	american from
francis_ryck	french male
patrick_white	australian short
gerald_brenan	british of
ignace_lepp	french deaths
herman_rosenblat	american deaths
debi_gliori	21st-century women writers
mort_todd	living people
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
myke_cole	american american novelists
dorit_rabinyan	israeli novelists
david_garnett	20th-century short
nikita_larionov	chuvash deaths
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
carol_mendelsohn	american television writers
andrew_collins_:broadcaster	english male
debito_arudou	american from
marion_mainwaring	american women
allen_varney	american from
greg_garrett_:writer	american of
doreen_baingana	ugandan women writers
peter_hogan	living of
hans_kristian_eriksen	norwegian norwegian
carole_l.glickfeld	american of
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
paul_tomalin	living of birth
gary_burns_:director	canadian of
barbara_dawson_smith	21st-century women writers
paul_merton	english male
frédéric_mistral	19th-century french
reza_mirkarimi	iranian births
daniel_cerone	american television writers
doreen_baingana	ugandan women writers
rené_belletto	french french
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
frank_moorhouse	australian short
galsan_tschinag	people writers
ghassan_kanafani	20th-century novelists
millôr_fernandes	brazilian dramatists
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
robert_a.heinlein	american from
benjah	american male
alex_gray_:author	british women writers
alfonso_rumazo_gonzález	chilean deaths
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
patti_kim_:writer	american women
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
reginald_hudlin	american film
richard_jefferies	english births
feodor_gladkov	russian male
hitonari_tsuji	japanese births
pascal_bruckner	french french
baltasar_porcel	spanish births
gerald_w.page	american american short
margaret_maron	american women novelists
deric_longden	english deaths
chris_kraus_:american_writer	american from
barbara_love	american women writers
berta_bojetu	slovenian from
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
dbc_pierre	australian from
richard_ballantine	american births
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
germaine_greer	australian from
henry_stephens_salt	english of
albert_kivikas	estonian deaths
philippe_claudel	french births
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
blaize_clement	american women novelists
fraser_nixon	canadian canadian novelists
penny_petrone	canadian of
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
enrique_geenzier	venezuelan deaths
armitage_trail	american american novelists
matija_bećković	serbian of
bishwanath_ghosh	indian from
d.scott_rogo	american births
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
philip_k._dick	american american
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
michealene_risley	american births
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
donald_e.westlake	american american novelists
brent_budowsky	american from
ethel_portnoy	dutch deaths
navid_moazzez	living births
gustaw_przeczek	polish from
elie_wiesel	american american
anne_homer	american women writers
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
mohammad-ja'far_pouyandeh	iranian writers
maria_teresa_maia_gonzalez	living women
apache_indian	bangladeshi male
norris_mcwhirter	people of
robert_asch	english educated
nigel_rodgers	english from
george_mcleod_winsor	19th-century women
preah_botumthera_som	cambodian deaths
emine_semiye_önasya	turkish writers
alexander_frater	australian births
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
andré_breton	french deaths
mark_scott_ricketts	american comics
c.b.colby	american from
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
helene_voigt-diederichs	20th-century women
michael_aitkens	english male
connie_booth	american from
anne_hocking	20th-century women writers
peter_simpson_:writer	new of
christine_edwards	year of birth missing
michael_mcquarn	american television writers
margaret_larkin	american american
patricio_sturlese	living people
matthew_sturges	american comics
andrew_weiner	canadian from writers
george_urban	people deaths
frank_doyle_:writer	people births
boaz_lavie	people lavie
gabe_hudson	american american novelists
gary_johns	australian of
pål_johan_karlsen	people births
rick_husky	american people
anna_radius_zuccari	italian births
michael_o'donoghue	american male
don_roff	american male novelists
alan_bleasdale	english male
reginald_reynolds	scottish births
menis_koumandareas	20th-century novelists
alija_isaković	bosnia from
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
geeta_dharmarajan	indian women
benjamin_braidley	english deaths
robb_white	american american
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
e.haldeman-julius	chilean deaths
nick_bertozzi	american comics
alexander_grin	russian male
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
meera_nanda	living women
fernando_gonzález_:writer	cambodian deaths
chandra_free	american comics
margaret_cushing_osgood	american american
harvey_ovshinsky	american male
aníbal_cristobo	argentine women
carole_hayman	english of writers
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
andreas_ramos	american births
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
gisbert_haefs	german women
frank_doyle_:writer	people births
michael_j._bird	british births
fang_zhouzi	american births
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
ben_cormack	english births
annie_vivanti	italian women
rick_copp	american from
b.v.k.sastry	indian writers
edgar_wallace	english male
gene_wojciechowski	american from
markus_hediger	swiss from
meg_jayanth	year of birth
randa_abdel-fattah	australian people
farea_al-muslim	malaysian deaths
robert_j.burch	american american novelists
peter_gould_:writer	american television writers
christopher_mckitterick	american american short
danny_bilson	american television
devananda_bharali	20th-century from
harikumar_:director	indian of birth
bernard_noël	french french novelists
angela_narth	canadian children's writers
charles_angell_bradford	british of
mirko_javornik	slovenian from
hubert_harrison	american of
daniel_pennac	french french
faolán_mac_an_ghabhann_na_scéal	people births
douglas_messerli	american male novelists
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
p._n._furbank	people of
ghada_al-samman	syrian writers
han_nolan	american from novelists
anne_holmberg	american women novelists
chigozie_obioma	nigerian nigerian
aldous_huxley	english from
mike_yaconelli	american deaths
ameen_rihani	american american
mike_thomas_:author	british births
olivier_weber	french french
ravindra_pinge	people births
alexander_prokhanov	russian writers
bev_sellars	canadian women writers
geoff_dyer	english of
hermann_broch	austrian deaths
ian_rogers_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
donna_andrews_:author	american women novelists
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
antonio_serra_:writer	living people
evan_fallenberg	american american
angela_slatter	australian women writers
maria_louise_pool	american children's writers
arthur_bernède	20th-century french
pon_kumaran	indian film
nikolay_karamzin	russian russian
buz_kohan	american television
arthur_bedford_:writer	people of
bette_bao_lord	american korean of
myles_wilder	american television
chris_lang	english male
danton_remoto	filipino births
mirosław_nahacz	polish male
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
mohammad-reza_mahdavi_kani	people from
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
mirko_breyer	venezuelan births
david_wohl	american comics
gita_sahgal	indian from
aldous_huxley	english from
henry_marie_brackenridge	american deaths
margaret_bennett_:writer	21st-century of
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
margret_kopala	canadian from
esther_hautzig	american deaths
ennio_foppiani	living births
deborah_a.miranda	american american
michael_reaves	american american novelists
arnaldur_indriðason	people births
delwar_hussain	alumni of
henri-françois_rey	french male
parnell_hall_:writer	american american novelists
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
mirzadeh_eshghi	people from
robert_p.t.coffin	american american
oksana_marafioti	american people
petr_placák	living births
araceli_ardón	mexican women
giovanni_antonio_palazzo	year of death
massimo_carlotto	italian births
bettina_von_arnim	german deaths
rafael_nieves	american comics
flannery_o'connor	american american
colin_wilson	english english
arnaldur_indriðason	people births
g.willow_wilson	american american novelists
candice_millard	american of
michael_stewart_:writer	living births
barbara,_lady_stephen	english women writers
cevin_soling	american births
duane_ackerson	american american novelists
nyana_kakoma	ugandan women
fletcher_pratt	american american novelists
anne_gregg	people births
robert_m.pirsig	american from
fran_ilich	lgbt births
emmanuel_bourdieu	french french
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
gale_wilhelm	american american
outi_alanne	living births
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
antonio_pennacchi	italian italian
gérard_klein	french births fiction
mary_jo_foley	american bloggers
natsuhiko_kyogoku	japanese births
fatou_diome	living births
hans_noever	german male
diane_carey	american women novelists
ponsonby_ogle	english deaths
rasheed_amjad	people births
fazil_iskander	russian short
amanda_mckittrick_ros	19th-century births
dorothy_macardle	irish deaths
matei_donici	moldovan births
chris_marker	french male
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
dominik_smole	slovenian novelists
nazir_ahmad_dehlvi	indian from
crane_wilbur	american from
dave_eggers	american american
amy_sherman-palladino	american television writers
michael_stemmle	living game
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
dikran_chökürian	ottoman armenian
bill_james	american from
adrienne_monson	american women novelists
norma_k._hemming	20th-century women writers
betty_roland	australian women
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
bawa_balwant	20th-century from
diana_hart	canadian people
francisco_de_moraes	year births
philippe_langlois	people births
netta_muskett	british women novelists
alain_damasio	french french
baltasar_lopes_da_silva	cape verdean
richard_rodriguez	american from
deborah_robertson	australian short story
greye_la_spina	american american short
alain_damasio	french french
peter_stursberg	canadian of
andrés_caicedo	male short
erich_loest	german from
amrita_pritam	indian from
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
pierre_ouellet	canadian canadian novelists
pearl_s._buck	american from
david_n.donihue	american male
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
richard_stirling	english of
nadya_larouche	canadian people
musa_haji_ismail_galal	indonesian deaths
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
philippe_delerm	21st-century french
aaron_smith_:magician	american from
earl_shorris	american births
bill_oddie	english educated
pietro_di_donato	american from
charlotte_higgins	english births
felicity_dowker	australian from
gertrude_barrows_bennett	american american fiction
alec_berg	american of writers
bill_grundfest	american television writers
allison_silberberg	american women writers
malwida_von_meysenbug	marc deaths was a a writer writer and
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
donald_james	british of
harold_brodkey	american from
brad_gooch	american from
d.j.grothe	american from
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
audre_lorde	american american
dun_karm_psaila	people deaths
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
bruce_woolley	english births
randolph_stow	australian australian
avadhanam_sita_raman	indian from
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
holly_nelson	canadian of
donna_mcfarlane	canadian canadian novelists
patricia_briggs	21st-century women novelists
doug_brammer	american comics
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
ben_domenech	american from
damon_young_:writer	american of
barbara_paul	american american novelists
moderata_fonte	italian women
hava_volovich	russian writers
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
nic_kelman	american male
christine_miscione	21st-century women novelists
eric_liu	american from
mišo_juzmeski	turkish people
pep_bertran	living people
gertrude_bell	english of
christine_craig	21st-century short
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
rikard_spets	norwegian people
august_gailit	estonian deaths
emily_smith_:author	21st-century women novelists
cynthia_harrod-eagles	21st-century women novelists
oskar_rosenfeld	austrian jews
robert_of_cricklade	english births
rasheed_amjad	people births
alissa_quart	21st-century women
diana_bachmann	british writers
phil_pepe	american deaths
gore_vidal	american from
andrew_pepoy	american comics
miho_mosulishvili	male births
charles_fort	american american
eric_muspratt	australian from
polonca_kovač	slovenian from
bonnie_mark	american television birth
alf_prøysen	norwegian deaths
frieda_friedman	american children's
anthony_sampson	english of
angela_pulvirenti	australian television birth
cate_shortland	australian births
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
andre_dubus	american american novelists
brian_aldiss	english from
gertrude_bell	english of
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
méryl_marchetti	living births
bill_long_:writer	irish births
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
nicholas_tchkotoua	russian deaths
candice_millard	american of
bill_coffin	american from
gary_shteyngart	american writers
andrew_dabb	american male
mikhail_zhvanetsky	recipients of
michael_gallagher_:writer	american comics writers
alexander_kazantsev	russian births
adam_skirving	people births
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
philippe_vandevelde	living births
farah_mohamed_jama_awl	people from
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
alenka_goljevšček	slovenian from
matt_k._lewis	american of
raghunath_choudhary	asom from
giovanni_battista_cavalcaselle	italian italian
gary_lachman	american from
marie-jeanne_l'héritier	french women writers
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
michael_blouin_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
charles_officer	canadian from
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
pavao_ritter_vitezović	people of
pamela_aidan	21st-century women novelists
michael_szameit	italian male
denys_val_baker	english of
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
mirabel_osler	english women writers
christopher_rowley	american american novelists
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
h.l.gold	american american short
filippo_buonaccorsi	italian male
dmitry_grigorovich	russian russian
margaret_powell	english of
christopher_story	british of
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
paula_fox	american women novelists
charles_corm	dutch deaths
christopher_g.nuttall	american births
edward_litt_laman_blanchard	english deaths
naomi_novik	american american novelists
dan_flores	american from
eugene_fodor_:writer	american from
franz_lidz	american from
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
frank_spotnitz	american television writers
ignace_lepp	french deaths
diego_de_torres_villarroel	spanish births
may_theilgaard_watts	american women
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
mary_elizabeth_hawker	19th-century women
paul_wheelahan	australian people
enrique_larreta	argentine births
richard_rive	20th-century african
mary_butts	english women
alan_cheuse	american american short
art_spander	american from
premchand	indian from
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
elizabeth_buchan	20th-century women novelists
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
patrick_senécal	canadian people
emily_arnold_mccully	american from
matias_masucci	italian male
benoît_peeters	french births
matthew_weiner	american television
charles_belfoure	american from novelists
elbert_hubbard	american from
morag_joss	21st-century women writers
robert_gardner_:academic	canadian from
dorothy_ripley	english births
peter_milligan	living of
casey_plett	canadian canadian
brian_azzarello	american comics
hugh_mcilvanney	british of
hans_kristian_eriksen	norwegian norwegian
emmanuèle_bernheim	french french writers
dr.seuss	american from
carol_matas	canadian women writers
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
frederick_exley	american from
gertrude_bell	english of
robert_antoni	american from
pat_bullard	canadian people
bernadette_hall	new zealand novelists
alexander_knox_:theologian	people births
ali-akbar_sa'idi_sirjani	iranian deaths
claudia_dey	21st-century women novelists
bill_mantlo	american comics
eleni_ourani	venezuelan births
rasul_rza	azerbaijani from
graham_linehan	irish births
h.g.carrillo	american american
emil_benčík	spanish from
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
harry_grey	american american novelists
alain_leroy_locke	american from
elizabeth_thornton	20th-century women novelists
dan_greenburg	american american novelists
margaret_wise_brown	american women
philip_dray	american of birth
damon_lindelof	american television
meridel_le_sueur	american women
dan_chaon	american american novelists
maria_elizabetha_jacson	19th-century women writers
filippo_buonaccorsi	italian male
frank_s.pepper	british of
dan_amrich	american from
andrew_davies_:writer	people of
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
augusto_monterroso	guatemalan short
elsie_finnimore_buckley	english births
harold_cronk	american births
motohiko_izawa	japanese japanese
gopal_mayekar	people writers
cass_pennant	english male
mary_ward_brown	american deaths
amy_sackville	alumni of
alexandru_bantoș	moldovan writers
dan_jones_:writer	english of
etgar_keret	israeli births
arturo_jauretche	argentine essayists
richard_bruce_nugent	american from
mary_kennedy	irish births
hans_fallada	german deaths
peter_wear	australian people
breyten_breytenbach	south african
algernon_blackwood	english of
martin_andersen_nexø	danish births
milan_milićević	serbian deaths
frank_o'hara	american from
rick_spears	american from
mo_willems	american from
david_wearing	people of
edgar_hilsenrath	german german
percival_everett	american american
dennis_denisoff	canadian from
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
david_horowitz	american from
andrés_henestrosa	mexican births
edith_bruck	20th-century women
robert_thurman	american from
barrie_jean_borich	21st-century women writers
charlotte_delbo	20th-century women
angela_litschev	german women
richard_jefferies	english births
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
carlene_hatcher_polite	american women novelists
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
dorothy_scarborough	american from
chigozie_obioma	nigerian nigerian
andrzej_maksymilian_fredro	people deaths
marti_leimbach	21st-century women novelists
perch_proshyan	armenian deaths
musa_haji_ismail_galal	indonesian deaths
craig_seymour	american births
adam_skirving	people births
hans_werner_richter	german of
paul_groussac	french deaths
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
pierre_nothomb	belgian from
peter_weiss	german from
angie_abdou	21st-century canadian novelists
angela_slatter	australian women writers
beatrice_burton	20th-century women novelists
pablo_illanes	chilean births
hector_c.macpherson	scottish deaths
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
mohammad_mokhtari_:writer	iranian from
boris_aprilov	polish from
mitch_silpa	american male
pavel_ivanovich_melnikov	imperial russian
patrick_rothfuss	american american novelists
david_hillenbrand	american births
era_sezhiyan	people births
hans_krieger	german german
bewketu_seyoum	canadian of
muriel_denison	canadian women novelists
afdlin_shauki	malaysian deaths
esther_averill	american women
elisa_féliz	american of
ashley_rindsberg	american male
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
peter_weiss	german from
philip_r._craig	american american novelists
norvell_w._page	american american short
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
philippe_soupault	french french
bette_bao_lord	american korean of
gudrun_pausewang	german women writers
priya_a._s	indian indian
phạm_duy_khiêm	german writers
ernie_hart	american comics
nicholas_kollerstrom	british people
france_bevk	slovenian from
meridel_le_sueur	american women
marie_kohler	american from
mulk_raj_anand	indian of
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
ben_hawkey	british male
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
beatrice_hammer	french women writers
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
bob_paris	american from
carlos_manuel_de_céspedes_y_quesada	people births
ningombam_bupenda_meitei	indian from
ethan_gross	american of birth
peter_de_zwaan	living people
meera_nanda	living women
hannah_tinti	21st-century women novelists
aravind_adiga	20th-century births
evan_katz	american television writers
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
oswald_wynd	british of
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
archibald_gracie_iv	american from
gyula_krúdy	hungarian from
chet_raymo	american births
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
charles_gaines	american from
malathi_rao	michael births is a
edward_ormondroyd	american of novelists
mark_waid	american comics
rasmus_steinsvik	norwegian births
ahmed_deedat	south african
eric_overmyer	american television
anne_sayre	american women
reginald_hill	english of
nigar_rafibeyli	azerbaijani novelists
helen_weinzweig	canadian canadian novelists
corsino_fortes	cape verdean
dominik_smole	slovenian novelists
philip_ball	english of
diane_messina_stanley	american television writers
pierre_de_jarric	french male
mike_carey_:writer	english of
martine_broda	french women writers
mark_valenti	american television writers
catherine_corley_anderson	american women
dnyanesh_maharao	indian from
margaret_ryan	year of fiction
quentin_crisp	english male
david_zuckerman	american television
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
michael_brooks_:science_writer	living of writers
djuna_barnes	american american
rafael_hertzberg	19th-century deaths
paco_ignacio_taibo_ii	mexican from
perihan_mağden	turkish people
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
hal_clement	american science novelists
martha_brooks	canadian women writers
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
ricardo_barreiro	argentine male
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
henry_r.evans	american from
alex_flinn	american women novelists
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
max_zimmering	german male
françoise_parturier	french women writers
margaret_ryan	year of fiction
claude_faraggi	french births
fran_levstik	slovenian deaths
adalbert_stifter	german german
niel_bushnell	english births
akiva_schaffer	american male
françois_rabelais	french male
nejc_gazvoda	slovenian from
michael_gilbert	british of
paul_griffiths_:director	living births
mykola_kulish	ukrainian from
pierre_bettencourt	french deaths
david_d.levine	american science short
rasheed_ahmad_siddiqui	recipients from
michel_bussi	french french
eliza_frances_andrews	american american
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
michel_lawrence	living people
martin_boyd	australian short
bert_salzman	american film
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
dale_brown	american from
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
abdul_qavi_desnavi	indian from
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
brian_leyden	irish irish
gavin_edwards_:writer	american of birth
maude_kegg	american women writers
mario_mendoza_zambrano	colombian short
ezio_vendrame	italian births
pierre_nothomb	belgian from
nikhilanand_panigrahy	living writers
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
chandra_pemmaraju	american male
gary_johns	australian of
carlos_baker	american from
ann_major	american women novelists
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
maximilien_misson	french deaths
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
alexander_neverov	russian male
amy_peikoff	american from
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
raghavanka	indian from
alain_leroy_locke	american from
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
corín_tellado	spanish women
adam_kazimierz_czartoryski	recipients of the
alexander_grin	russian male
george_moreby_acklom	british births
michael_shermer	american from
alberto_de_noronha	indian from
phyllis_a._whitney	american women
andrzej_maksymilian_fredro	people deaths
max_apple	american male
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
marion_chesney	21st-century women fiction
alex_kendrick	american male
enrique_larreta	argentine births
antoni_maria_alcover_i_sureda	burmese births
robert_kanigher	american comics
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
pavel_nilin	russian short
alexander_goldstein_:writer	russian novelists
andrzej_sapkowski	20th-century short
nat_gertler	american comics
bertram_brooker	canadian from
michael_kumpfmüller	german women
gladys_casely-hayford	20th-century women
andrei_sinyavsky	soviet short
francis_stuart	irish deaths
homer_eon_flint	american american short
otto_tausig	austrian male
marion_bloem	21st-century women
andrievs_niedra	latvian births
ekalavyan_:novelist	indian male
richard_bach	american from
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
r._c._lehmann	people of
felipe_mellizo	spanish male
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
dorothy_whipple	english deaths
elbert_hubbard	american from
andrew_coburn_:author	american american novelists
martin_page_:author	21st-century births
dinesh_chandra_goswami	people births
risto_ahti	mexican writers
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
grace_lumpkin	american american
don_escudero	people deaths
edward_lewes_cutts	english deaths
clive_barker	lgbt male
andrej_hieng	slovenian from
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
anthony_browne_:author	british of writers
benudhar_sharma	indian from
rené_marqués	puerto rican
markus_zusak	australian from
milt_josefsberg	american television
maría_esther_vázquez	argentine women
phil_lollar	american births
c.s.lakshmi	indian indian
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
charles_frederick_williams	people deaths
claude_ollier	french french novelists
antonio_segura	people births
diana_ossana	american television
brynne_chandler	20th-century women novelists
p._m._taj	indian male
paragu	paraguayan deaths
annie_hall_cudlip	english women writers
anthony_sampson	english of
bhabani_bhattacharya	indian of
harald_braem	german births
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
elisabeth_de_mariaffi	canadian women novelists
deborah_tall	american women
david_means	american of
glenn_rockowitz	american from
rafael_grugman	russian writers
elieshi_lema	american people
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
carrie_snyder	canadian women novelists
alasdair_gray	british of
garson_kanin	american male novelists
dhimitër_xhuvani	albanian male
muzi_epifani	20th-century women
richard_grayson_:writer	american university
chris_kelly_:writer	american of
husna_ahmad	british of
pearl_s._buck	american from
cynthia_enloe	21st-century women writers
adam_beechen	american male
rob_long	american television writers
maurice_gilliams	people from
christopher_riley	english births
albert_dorrington	20th-century births
babasaheb_purandare	indian deaths
p-p_hartnett	21st-century short
elizabeth_wormeley_latimer	19th-century women
david_anthony_kraft	american comics
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
günther_krupkat	german male
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
blanche_d'alpuget	20th-century women
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
margaret_maron	american women novelists
angel_kyodo_williams	american women
gerald_tomlinson	american from
arkady_davidowitz	russian births
dmytro_dontsov	ukrainian deaths
barry_chamish	canadian from
nathuram_premi	indian deaths
robert_aron	french deaths
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
maxim_februari	japanese births
don_dickinson	canadian canadian novelists
maurice_constantin-weyer	french french
don_perrin	canadian from
matthew_weiner	american television
phil_klay	american from
ferdinand_de_lanoye	french deaths
muriel_denison	canadian women novelists
c.c.swiney	american from
gopala_chandra_praharaj	indian from
pedro_montengón	valencian births
hubert_crackanthorpe	english short
chris_chibnall	british births
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
ghazaros_aghayan	armenian deaths
richard_holloway	scottish of
i.dragoslav	romanian short
arthur_dimmock	people births
hubert_crackanthorpe	english short
artashes_kalantarian	armenian deaths
glenn_rockowitz	american from
anthony_bailey_:author	british of
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
melesina_trench	irish women
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
margarita_bobba	italian women death
qiu_jin	people births
anthony_berkeley_cox	english of
alfonso_gumucio_dagron	20th-century from
francisco_alarcón_estaba	venezuelan births
randy_cohen	american of
barry_oakley	australian australian
evelyn_patuawa-nathan	new of writers
robert_musil	20th-century women
bewketu_seyoum	canadian of
anja_štefan_:writer	slovenian women
carlos_yushimito	peruvian short
maja_novak	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
maria_benedita_bormann	brazilian women
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
philip_f._deaver	american from
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
hemley_boum	20th-century births
maria_corsini	italian births
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
helen_hooven_santmyer	american american
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
c.j.henderson	american male
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
basil_copper	english births
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
alexander_kazantsev	russian births
nathan_fielder	canadian from
mohammad-reza_mahdavi_kani	people from
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
ferdo_godina	slovenian births
angela_litschev	german women
debito_arudou	american from
hagar_wilde	american american novelists
nancy_french	american women writers
gregory_tesser	british births
esther_kamatari	21st-century women writers
paul_goma	romanian essayists
mark_danner	american from
amina_adil	burmese deaths
anna_seghers	german of
arnette_lamb	american women novelists
charles_whiting	20th-century deaths
michael_chamberlain	australian from
gustav_wied	male male
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
nancy_phelan	20th-century women
eric_tunney	canadian from
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
mena_calthorpe	australian women
dennis_eichhorn	american from
nikša_gradi	serbian writers
francis_stuart	irish deaths
afdhere_jama	american from
mary_de_morgan	19th-century women
ramalho_ortigão	people births
musharraf_ali_farooqi	pakistani births
p._d._james	english of
daniel_galera	brazilian novelists
abdul_hameed_:writer	pakistani from
ed_solomon	american television
elvia_ardalani	mexican births
francesco_alziator	italian births
p._david_hornik	american people
edwin_charles_tubb	20th-century births novelists
petra_hammesfahr	german women
mary_lee_settle	american american
max_blecher	romanian novelists
robert_olen_butler	american american
ernest_gébler	irish from
betty_ren_wright	american women novelists
maryline_desbiolles	21st-century women
olivier_adam	french french
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
o._e._middleton	new zealand
gene_luen_yang	american from
dave_eggers	american american
chris_bartlett_:writer	british births
diane_fanning	american of novelists
barbara_anderson_:writer	20th-century zealand zealand
ray_connolly	british births
christophe_claro	french births
rob_grant	english of writers
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
marty_feldman	english male
e.vasu	indian indian
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
al_hewetson	canadian from
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
pietro_di_donato	american from
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
mary_stolz	american women novelists
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
margo_glantz	mexican women
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
edgar_allan_poe	american american
claudio_sanchez	american births
amy_braunschweiger	american of birth
grace_ellery_channing	american american
beb_vuyk	20th-century women writers
gwendoline_butler	20th-century women novelists
barbu_ștefănescu_delavrancea	romanian from
audrey_howard	20th-century women novelists
rachel_qitsualik-tinsley	canadian women writers
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
deborah_kimmett	21st-century women novelists
chandradhar_barua	20th-century from
marie-sissi_labrèche	canadian canadian novelists
colum_mccann	american from
bajazid_doda	people deaths
richard_russell_:dow_theory	american from
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
francis_stuart	irish deaths
duane_simolke	american from
mineo_higashi	living births
meredith_sue_willis	american women novelists
hamid_dizdar	bosnia and
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
bernice_morgan	canadian women novelists
henri_queffélec	french male
amir_muhammad_:director	british births
mary_griffith	american children's writers
mirko_breyer	venezuelan births
bill_scheft	american american novelists
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
antanas_škėma	lithuanian novelists
marion_chesney	21st-century women fiction
casey_plett	canadian canadian
archibald_gracie_iv	american from
beth_meacham	american of novelists
beb_vuyk	20th-century women writers
c.ramachandra_rao	indian births
christopher_sequeira	australian from
bernie_s.siegel	american from
gillian_mears	australian australian
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
phillipe-ignace_françois_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
penelope_fletcher	21st-century women writers
dirk_philips	flemish from
henry_liu	20th-century from
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
gene_levitt	american television
fletcher_pratt	american american novelists
e.haldeman-julius	chilean deaths
alexandre_dumas	french french
michael_krüger_:writer	german women
richard_jefferies	english births
motilal_jotwani	indian writers
ben_humble	scottish deaths
mieko_kawakami	living births
michael_lawrence_:writer	living of
robert_d.cardona	american television
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
paul_groussac	french deaths
darya_dontsova	russian births
chi_li	people births
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
bawa_balwant	20th-century from
ariane_sherine	21st-century people writers
david_j.williams	american american novelists
hagop_baronian	armenian deaths
chris_broadribb	20th-century women writers
nigar_rafibeyli	azerbaijani novelists
anne_marriott	canadian women
miria_george	new of writers
dale_evans	american from
george_woodcock	canadian from
dževad_karahasan	bosnia and
claire_fox	people of
henry_bordeaux	french deaths
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
odd_eidem	norwegian births
andré_nemec	american television
michael_yon	american from
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
brian_leung_:author	american of
nadia_wheatley	australian women
gabrielle_carey	australian from
michael_ruppert	american from
mario_soldati	italian births
mary_agria	21st-century american novelists
moti_nandi	indian of
dominick_dunne	american from
rafael_garcía_serrano	spanish male
rajbali_pandey	people writers
martin_segon	serbian of
charles_d'ambrosio	american of workshop
dan_michel_of_northgate	english deaths
elsa_bernstein	20th-century concentration
max_benitz	english male
ritam_chowdhury	living people
hsiao-hung_pai	british of
chandradhar_barua	20th-century from
dorothy_scarborough	american from
caleb_crain	american of
pagu	brazilian women
marion_mainwaring	american women
mykola_khvylovy	ukrainian deaths
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
matthew_berry	american from
ben_sanders_:author	new zealand writers
félix_morisseau-leroy	20th-century dramatists
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
nicolas_deschamps_:writer	french deaths
mohammed_moftahh_elfitory	indonesian writers
christian_murray	canadian births
gleb_uspensky	russian male
paco_ignacio_taibo_i	mexican from
patricia_st._john	english deaths
david_milofsky	american american short
fred_hando	scottish deaths
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
narayan_hemchandra	asom from
graham_hurley	english of writers
meir_shalev	israeli births
george_tabori	people from
emmanuèle_bernheim	french french writers
fyodor_berezin	people of
festus_iyayi	nigerian births
alissa_quart	21st-century women
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
farid_raymond-anthony	sierra leonean
e.b.white	american from
nikolay_breshko-breshkovsky	russian russian
max_huwyler	living people
michael_reaves	american american novelists
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
mitchell_burgess	american television writers
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
dalia_sofer	american of
bob_paris	american from
antonio_ungar	slovenian births
perrine_leblanc	canadian canadian novelists
paula_cwikly	american television writers
max_gallo	french people
claw_money	american from
alexander_neverov	russian male
gisèle_bienne	french french novelists
gary_janetti	american from
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
maureen_jennings	21st-century women writers
darryl_ponicsan	american american novelists
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
hans-otto_meissner	german deaths
gogu_shyamala	indian writers
gary_janetti	american from
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
george_meniuc	romanian births
peter_lovesey	english short
george_gipe	american male
bess_meredyth	american from
paul_goma	romanian essayists
edward_m.brecher	american from
epeli_hauʻofa	australian of
charles_lamb	english births
apache_indian	bangladeshi male
hemchandra_goswami	asom from
catherine_mavrikakis	canadian canadian novelists
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
nikolai_leykin	russian male
colum_mccann	american from
margaret_maron	american women novelists
daniela_dahn	german german
augusten_burroughs	lgbt from
haakon_bugge_mahrt	norwegian norwegian
martin_lings	english of
peter_stone	american from
félix_morisseau-leroy	20th-century dramatists
ram_punjwani	indian from
max_mckeown	living births
pat_condell	english educated
alain_farah	canadian canadian
duncan_barrett	english educated
mark_ames	american births
bob_paris	american from
maud_newton	american women
georges_simenon	20th-century from
maryam_sachs	iranian people
refika_birgül	living people
michelle_olley	english births
evelyn_m.richardson	canadian women novelists
michael_ruppert	american from
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
richard_titlebaum	american american
edith_ranum	norwegian women
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
agnes_sligh_turnbull	american from
david_ebershoff	american male
netta_muskett	british women novelists
richard_ford_:writer	english deaths
michael_vosse	american births
nelson_algren	american american
bozorg_alavi	iranian births
matthew_kennedy_:author	american births
caroline_anderson_:writer	21st-century women novelists
debbie_moon	21st-century women writers
paul_neal	living people
marie-sissi_labrèche	canadian canadian novelists
barbara_wood	american women novelists
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
deidre_behar	american births
benjamin_odell_:producer	american male
norma_k._hemming	20th-century women writers
ahmed_baba_miské	mauritanian deaths
robert_hull	american television writers
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
marjana_gaponenko	mexican women
nileena_abraham	indian from
paul_theroux	american from
andy_croft	british births
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
emmanuel_f.lacaba	filipino births
pierre_morency	canadian from
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
philipp_meyer	american american
rené_lapierre	canadian canadian novelists
mildred_cram	american births
hugh_falkus	english educated
barry_took	english educated
haden_blackman	american comics birth
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
marguerite_abouet	living children's
ariane_sherine	21st-century people writers
ignace_lepp	french deaths
robert_sheaffer	american writers
cezaro_rossetti	scottish of
masaki_tsuji	japanese births
arthur_bárdos	hungarian male
andrew_weiner	canadian from writers
ping_lu	21st-century women
ed_vere	people of writers
olaus_magnus	16th-century deaths
richard_hooker_:author	american from
robert_p.t.coffin	american american
patrick_mccabe_:novelist	irish short
guillermo_morón	venezuelan births
hagar_wilde	american american novelists
glenn_kurtz	american male
evan_reilly	american television writers
carol_emshwiller	american american short
anne_fortier	21st-century women novelists
anna_maria_ortese	italian women writers
andy_croft	british births
harry_grey	american american novelists
elizabeth_sims	21st-century women novelists
mary_catherine_bateson	american births
mary_somerville	19th-century women
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
richard_stirling	english of
mehrab_ghasem_khani	living people
ian_casocot	people births
dirk_jan_ten_geuzendam	filipino births
mary_brave_bird	american deaths
harve_pierre	american deaths
nio_joe_lan	indonesian deaths
anthony_ellis_:writer	year of birth
pradeep_sarkar	indian film
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
evan_wright	american from
camille_laurens	french women
marion_chesney	21st-century women fiction
heinz_liepmann	german deaths
brian_francis	canadian from
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
arthur_j.burks	american from
paul_kater	living people
robert_olen_butler	american american
claire_mackay	canadian from
mary_robison	american american
hsiao-hung_pai	british of
chris_mckinney	american births
phillip_margolin	american american
henri_patin	19th-century french
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
phil_klay	american from
pascal_bruckner	french french
alan_gibbons	english births
mary_maccarthy	20th-century women novelists
mick_jackson_:author	english births
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
george_saunders	american from
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
paul_king_:director	living television
richard_glatzer	american from
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
amelia_e.johnson	american women novelists
gleb_uspensky	russian male
arnulfo_trejo	american american
george_calderon	english of
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
pola_gojawiczyńska	polish from
homen_borgohain	indian from
maria_teresa_maia_gonzalez	living women
matt_nix	american television writers
rachel_manley	canadian women writers
omar_ibn_said	american from
dorit_rabinyan	israeli novelists
gustav_wied	male male
paul_jennings_:australian_author	australian australian
david_rakoff	american american
elie_wiesel	american american
hovhannes_setian	armenian deaths
aleš_čar	slovenian from
rob_neyer	american births
catherine_corley_anderson	american women
agnes_grainger_stewart	british of
hugo_dittberner	german german
eric_bagger	swedish women
eduard_limonov	russian male
ritchie_perry	21st-century women novelists
imad_rahman	american of
ian_macpherson_:comedian	irish births
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
alexander_tarasov-rodionov	russian male
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
e.b.white	american from
david_icke	english of
abigail_pogrebin	american from
rita_mae_brown	american american
george_meniuc	romanian births
c.d.payne	american american novelists
alasdair_gray	british of
hilario_barrero	spanish male
mary_griffith	american children's writers
bohumil_hrabal	austrian births
alfred_mann_:musicologist	american births
anna_fricke	year of birth missing
hannah_tinti	21st-century women novelists
bob_haney	american age
geoff_dyer	english of
helena_araújo	21st-century short
carlo_collodi	italian italian
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
quentin_crisp	english male
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
carleton_mabee	american from
helen_conrad	american women novelists
alistair_paterson	new zealand
opal_whiteley	american births
donna_kossy	american women
owen_kildare	american american novelists
fermín_abella_y_blave	spanish births
giorgio_nadali	italian births
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
günther_schwab	austrian births
michel_rio	french french
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
chris_zook	american of
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
oskar_rosenfeld	austrian jews
claude_roger-marx	french french
gregory_mcdonald	american american novelists
richard_strange	english male
barrie_jean_borich	21st-century women writers
dumitru_matcovschi	moldovan writers
dan_chaon	american american novelists
ally_condie	american women novelists
bhargavaram_viththal_varerkar	marathi-language deaths
elchin_afandiyev	azerbaijani writers
guido_piovene	italian italian
rebecca_rand_kirshner	american television writers
deborah_kimmett	21st-century women novelists
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
abdulah_sidran	bosnia and
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
eric_forsberg	american male
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
ali_aliu	people births
patricia_maldonado	brazilian births
elsa_joubert	south african
richard_johnson_:16th_century	people women writers
georg_heym	german german
ricky_lo	filipino people
frederick_buechner	american from
carol_barbee	american television writers
pamela_morsi	american women novelists
elizabeth_kata	australian women
craig_seymour	american births
elwyn_jones_:writer	british births
alex_de_rakoff	british male
oliveria_prescott	english deaths
ada_cambridge	australian women
parnell_hall_:writer	american american novelists
david_toussaint	american from
hemchandra_goswami	asom from
maxim_gorky	russian male
dorothy_allison	american women
rafael_levaković	dominican deaths
chandradhar_barua	20th-century from
alberto_de_noronha	indian from
aleš_berger	slovenian from
pascal_bruckner	french french
michael_carroll_:author	living women
guðbergur_bergsson	norwegian births
otar_chiladze	20th-century novelists
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
matthias_nawrat	german women
barton_paul_levenson	american american short
casey_plett	canadian canadian
maría_de_los_ángeles_errisúriz	people births
dan_goldman	american comics
elizabeth_george_speare	american american novelists
elisa_von_der_recke	german births
bob_rozakis	american comics
bill_birkett	year of birth missing
muazzam_beg	indian film
arnie_lerma	american from
nicola_lagioia	italian italian
c.e.webber	english births
ralph_fletcher	american american
christopher_matthew	people educated
andré_aciman	american american
cara_black_:author	21st-century women novelists
emily_newell_blair	american from
ada_cambridge	australian women
allen_r.morris	american from
carlos_noriega_hope	mexican births
augusta_stevenson	american women writers
brunello_rondi	italian male
harold_bell_wright	american from
bill_oddie	english educated
nicolas_chamfort	19th-century french
maximilian_böttcher	german deaths
husna_ahmad	british of
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
mark_ames	american births
nils_nordberg	norwegian norwegian writers
petar_kočić	bosnia and herzegovina
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
gary_victor	haitian dramatists
mercedes_valdivieso	20th-century women
adibah_amin	malaysian writers
monique_polak	canadian women writers
bernhard_hennen	german births
andrea_camilleri	italian italian
rené_daumal	french french
peter_bander_van_duren	german deaths
alexandra_sviridova	russian women writers
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
michael_berz	living people
ian_rowland	year of birth missing
mend-ooyo_gombojav	living writers
c.j.sansom	british of
darrell_schweitzer	american american short
don_dagradi	american male
paul_brodeur	american male
emily_smith_:author	21st-century women novelists
markus_zusak	australian from
haakon_bugge_mahrt	norwegian norwegian
cherríe_moraga	american american
pavao_ritter_vitezović	people of
r._k._narayan	indian from
holly_black	american women novelists
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
andrés_caicedo	male short
nadia_wheatley	australian women
mickey_rose	american from
nikolai_zlatovratsky	imperial russian
rashaan_nall	american male
maureen_howard	american american
bill_ransom	american american short
maría_luisa_elío	spanish from
patricia_wentworth	20th-century women novelists
dennis_spooner	english births
mary_hartwell_catherwood	american from
g.k.chesterton	english male
adolph_freiherr_knigge	german deaths
adolfo_bioy_casares	argentine births
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
philip_pullman	english of
gary_crew	australian births writers
michael_hodges_:writer	american male
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
edward_fox_:author	american from
c.h.sisson	english of
gary_carlson	american comics writers
brian_cleeve	irish from
pingali_nagendrarao	indian from
elizabeth_george_speare	american american novelists
chara_m.curtis	american births writers
george_dicaprio	american births
gregory_mcdonald	american american novelists
donna_tartt	american women
amber_dawn	21st-century women
edward_allen_bernero	american television
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
richard_glatzer	american from
dave_morice	american male
christopher_dow_:author	american male
florence_noiville	french french
doon_arbus	american of
margret_rey	german births
andreas_eschbach	italian births
mark_l._van_name	american american short
camilla_cederna	italian women
atin_bandyopadhyay	bengali writers
i.marlene_king	american television
michael_köhlmeier	living people
nate_jackson	living births
debito_arudou	american from
alfred_h.bill	american american novelists
neil_smith_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
françois_rabelais	french male
georges_cogniot	french deaths
hugo_vickers	people of
felice_picano	lgbt american
mikiel_anton_vassalli	people deaths
pedro_balmaceda	ecuadorian deaths
emma_richler	21st-century canadian short
ariane_sherine	21st-century people writers
antonio_roque_gobbo	male short
barbara_grier	american women
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
david_whitaker_:screenwriter	english births
paolo_eleuteri_serpieri	living people
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
martyn_park	australian births
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
giovanni_battista_cavalcaselle	italian italian
maxine_mcarthur	21st-century women writers
paul_jennings_:australian_author	australian australian
mikhail_dostoyevsky	russian russian
anil_ghorai	indian from
onat_kutlar	turkish writers
elías_pino_iturrieta	people births
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
august_mälk	estonian deaths
bill_long_:writer	irish births
gilbert_king_:author	american from
max_apple	american male
panos_koutrouboussis	living people
harold_acton	english of
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
ina_boudier-bakker	20th-century dutch
adam_small_:writer	afrikaans-language of
berton_roueché	american from
chandra_kumar_agarwala	asom from
fleur_jaeggy	swiss births
robert_clark_young	american male
moacyr_scliar	brazilian deaths
miriam_young	american births
ananda_chandra_barua	indian from
paul_wheelahan	australian people
quim_barreiros	living people
asar_eppel	russian short
paula_cwikly	american television writers
chen_maiping	20th-century short
muhsin_al-ramli	iranian people
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
arnold_drake	american comics
gordon_snell	english of writers
clare_winger_harris	american american short
charlotte_brown_:producer	american television writers
paul_groussac	french deaths
beatriz_copello	australian australian
abdul_hameed_:writer	pakistani from
marisha_pessl	21st-century american novelists
miran_jarc	slovenian births
andrea_heuser	german women
daniel_handler	american male
barry_unsworth	english of
charlie_rubin	american television writers
edmund_wilson	american from
evan_wright	american from
frédéric_dieudonné	french film
ningeokuluk_teevee	canadian from
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
melissa_harris-perry	american from
richard_glatzer	american from
margaret_larkin	american american
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
mary_miller_:writer	21st-century women novelists
alden_jones	american from
dugald_steer	english births writers
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
a.m.dellamonica	21st-century canadian short
brian_leung_:author	american of
charles_perez	american from
hari_singh_dilbar	indian of
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
rasheed_ahmad_siddiqui	recipients from
gavriil_troyepolsky	russian deaths
colleen_gleason	american women novelists
adam_nevill	english births
rachapalem_chandrasekhara_reddy	living writers
frances_noyes_hart	american from
paul_chaplin	american television writers
nancy_duarte	living people
anne_seymour,_countess_of_warwick	16th-century births
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
budge_wilson	canadian of
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
caroline_franz	american television writers
nathanaël	canadian women novelists
robert_m.pirsig	american from
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
damon_young_:writer	american of
dmitri_savitski	russian writers
anthony_aikman	british births
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
dan_morgan_:writer	english births
marie-anne_de_bovet	french women writers
michael_nugent	irish people
cassie_stocks	canadian women novelists
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
abdul_qavi_desnavi	indian from
barbara_bloom	american television writers
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
panteleimon_romanov	russian short
gerasimos_vokos	people deaths
maria_semyonova	russian people
michael_lent_:writer_and_producer	american male
colin_j.gillespie	australian from
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
evelyn_waugh	english of
alice_borchardt	american women novelists
chandler_owen	american deaths
g.k.govinda_rao	indian of
george_william_johnson_:writer	english deaths
maureen_jennings	21st-century women writers
hector_c.macpherson	scottish deaths
boris_glinsky	russian deaths
rawi_hage	canadian women
e.vasu	indian indian
evelyn_waugh	english of
gyles_brandreth	english of
david_harris_ebenbach	american male novelists
brian_ford_sullivan	american of birth
peter_gibbs_:cricketer	english educated
per_olof_sundman	people births
milt_larsen	american people
ghazaros_aghayan	armenian deaths
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
devon_monk	american women novelists
alban_mccoy	year of birth missing
peter_brash	american television writers
emilio_praga	italian italian
hutton_gibson	american from
adriana_lisboa	brazilian women
patricia_st._john	english deaths
arimasa_osawa	japanese japanese
mkrtich_armen	armenian deaths
robert_bloch	american american novelists
chris_boucher	british births writers
david_malouf	australian short
rachel_manley	canadian women writers
dan_flores	american from
ramaranjan_mukherji	indian writers
chris_claremont	english births
abdul_wahid_nazari	living births
barbara_anderson_:writer	20th-century zealand zealand
pål_johan_karlsen	people births
chirlane_mccray	american of
howard_gordon	american television
park_jeong-dae	south korean
eldridge_cleaver	american from
bill_mantlo	american comics
maurice_bladel	people births
pat_brown_:criminal_profiler	american women writers
abdukadir_osman	year of
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
i.dragoslav	romanian short
michal_šanda	living writers
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
raphael_draccon	people births
consuelo_de_sánchez_latour	20th-century women
patrick_casey_:writer	american male
armas_äikiä	ukrainian deaths
pavao_pavličić	croatian novelists
mary_kennedy	irish births
ahmad_baba_al_massufi	people births
colum_mccann	american from
ernest_thompson	american from
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
daniel_selvaraj	indian writers
géza_bereményi	hungarian male
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
philip_rosenthal	american television writers
india_grey	year of birth missing
charles_perez	american from
anvita_dutt_guptan	indian from
cat_marnell	american from
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
asim_mahmood	pakistani births
claude_bourdet	german from
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
ravi_belagere	living people
david_sweetman	20th-century from
medo_pucić	serbian deaths
dwight_d'eon	canadian births
awn_alsharif_qasim	people deaths
michael_lent_:writer_and_producer	american male
olof_lagercrantz	swedish swedish
patricia_maldonado	brazilian births
edith_thacher_hurd	american women writers
ali_imam	bangladeshi of
diana_atkinson	canadian women novelists
alba_de_céspedes_y_bertini	20th-century women
emilio_salgari	italian male
caroline_fourest	21st-century from
michael_conforti	american television writers
chester_aaron	american births
gary_shteyngart	american writers
mary_kingsley	19th-century deaths
faranak_margolese	american people
david_leavitt	american american
otto_eis	austrian deaths
cao_xueqin	iranian dynasty
elio_vittorini	italian male
nigel_bennett	english male
amrit_rai	indian from
ed_lin	american american short
mikhail_artsybashev	russian male
robert_frazier_:writer	american science short
anthony_burgess	english from
elie_wiesel	american american
paul_kivel	american of writers
constance_heaven	20th-century romantic novelists
ignace_lepp	french deaths
bruce_woolley	english births
george_wilbur_peck	american from
anthony_flamini	american comics
brian_dooley	people births
alessandro_ghebreigziabiher	italian male
abdón_ubidia	male short story
antal_stašek	19th-century of
asif_farrukhi	pakistani of
francisco_xavier_da_cruz	cape verdean
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
emmanuèle_bernheim	french french writers
giancarlo_magalli	italian births
o._henry	american births
akram_aylisli	azerbaijani azerbaijani
richard_arès	canadian from
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
beatrice_schenk_de_regniers	american births writers
daniel_galera	brazilian novelists
peter_seabrook	english educated
margery_latimer	american american novelists
dorit_rabinyan	israeli novelists
ian_cameron_esslemont	canadian from
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
paul_genesse	american american
margaret_mayo_:children's_author	english women writers
emily_newell_blair	american from
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
ram_shankar_tripathi	indian writers
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
dave_smeds	american american short
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
es'kia_mphahlele	south african
robert_mccloskey	american from
bob_harras	american comics
desmond_hogan	irish short
namita_gokhale	indian women writers
charles-jean-françois_hénault	french deaths
gisèle_prassinos	20th-century women
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
annette_lapointe	canadian women
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
colin_clark_:filmmaker	english of
rajkumar_shitaljit_singh	indian from
chris_gifford_:actor	american television
colin_beavan	american births
helen_hooven_santmyer	american american
otar_chiladze	20th-century novelists
haakon_bugge_mahrt	norwegian norwegian
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
brinsley_macnamara	irish deaths
ed_solomon	american television
margery_latimer	american american novelists
martha_stephens	american film
martin_lings	english of
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
mukhtar_shakhanov	living writers
fabian_nicieza	living from
graham_joyce	english births
petar_stapov	people deaths
caroline_lamarche	belgian births
elizabeth_graver	21st-century american novelists
elías_pino_iturrieta	people births
meto_jovanovski_:writer	living writers
dionis_bubani	albanian albanian
benjamin_radford	american of birth
pat_mcintosh	year of fiction
raquel_verdesoto	ecuadorian deaths
elizabeth_sarnoff	american television writers
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
elhadi_adam	people deaths
allan_de_noronha	indian writers
ook_chung	canadian people
dawn_o'porter	british births
antoine_bigot	19th-century french
philippe_besson	21st-century from
mary_hazelton_blanchard_wade	american from
peter_o'donnell	english from
anne_bishop	american women novelists
daniel_dickey	american of
adolfo_costa_du_rels	german male
denton_welch	english of
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
felix_c.gotschalk	american american novelists
helen_darville	australian australian
paul_levinson	american american
michel_verne	french french novelists
robert_marasco	american male dramatists
etta_federn	mexican women
pamela_allen	australian from writers
olivier_rolin	french french
akshay_chandra_sharma	indian from
brunello_rondi	italian male
emine_semiye_önasya	turkish writers
mamdouh_adwan	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
grazia_deledda	italian women
elisabeth_thorsell	swedish births
rob_hood	australian births
hal_clement	american science novelists
elhadi_adam	people deaths
pierre_decourcelle	french french
matthieu_ricard	french births
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
p._david_hornik	american people
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
anne_hopkins_aitken	american from
anatole_broyard	american from
charles_o'conor_:historian	people births
peter_hessler	american births
charmaine_cadeau	21st-century canadian novelists
federico_de_roberto	italian italian
peter_lovesey	english short
paul_reed_:writer	american american
brian_hodge	american american novelists
rhianna_pratchett	english people
alexander_russell_webb	american from
andrew_pepoy	american comics
michele_val_jean	american television writers
paul_theroux	american from
caleb_crain	american of
david_shore	canadian from
holly_lang	american of birth
gordon_waterman_chaplin	american births
emil_benčík	spanish from
patrice_evans	american bloggers
diana_bachmann	british writers
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
ardath_mayhar	american american novelists
franco_solinas	italian male
dave_thompson_:author	british births
mohammad-reza_mahdavi_kani	people from
emilio_salgari	italian male
deborah_eisenberg	american from
gordon_lish	american american novelists
mrs_f._c._patrick	20th-century women novelists
edmond_fleg	french french
paul_jessup_:writer	american american novelists
mikhail_zagoskin	russian male
michelle_cartlidge	living people
anna_sakse	chilean women
geoffrey_hoyle	people of
hanan_qassab_hassan	syrian of
eli_clare	american from
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
amy_sherman-palladino	american television writers
helene_christaller	german deaths
rachel_abrams	american births
elizabeth_cobbold	19th-century women
margot_bennett_:writer	20th-century women fiction
michael_fitzgerald_page	australian children's
richard_b._spencer	american from
mark_millar	british of
mohinder_pratap_chand	indian from
richard_rodriguez	american from
marjabelle_young_stewart	american births
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
per_hohle	norwegian births
gonzalo_argote_de_molina	spanish births
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
chito_s.roño	belgian film
g.k.chesterton	english male
eric_rohmann	american from
fernando_gonçalves_namora	people births
agnes_nixon	american television
michael_nugent	irish people
paul_genesse	american american
daniel_lipman	american of birth
edith_thacher_hurd	american women writers
richard_newman_:broadcaster	lgbt male
agnes_hewes	american from
maung_htin	burmese births
mike_smithson_:politics	people of
allegra_huston	english from
christopher_nicole	20th-century women novelists
ben_humble	scottish deaths
evan_solomon	canadian people
arnold_haultain	scottish births
montserrat_roig	spanish births
dmitry_bykov	russian writers
alex_law	american comics writers
anšlavs_eglītis	latvian deaths
oren_ginzburg	living people
eoghan_mahony	american television birth
gunilla_lundgren	swedish women
claude_mckay	people people
melchior_lengyel	hungarian dramatists
barbara_baynton	australian women
peter_bieri_:author	living births
amrita_pritam	indian from
robert_lewis_shayon	american deaths
graham_bendel	british births
barry_oakley	australian australian
harry_cross_:sportswriter	american from
daniel_samper_ospina	slovenian births
françois_gautier	french male
david_icke	english of
abby_mann	american television
michael_o'donoghue	american male
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
nicholas_tchkotoua	russian deaths
peter_bander_van_duren	german deaths
franz_borkenau	austrian deaths
edith_thacher_hurd	american women writers
dan_washburn	american births
amyas_northcote	english births
paula_giddings	american university
carol_barbee	american television writers
cora_coralina	brazilian women
neal_kozodoy	living people
gadul_singh_lama	indian male
ben_sokolowski	year television birth
refika_birgül	living people
polonca_kovač	slovenian from
pearl_s._buck	american from
david_icke	english of
rick_ungar	american male
michelle_jerott	21st-century women writers
george_william_curtis	american american
anne_douglas_sedgwick	20th-century women writers
melissa_schroeder	american women novelists
hans_weiss_:author	english births
grace_paley	american american
mary_miller_:writer	21st-century women novelists
arimasa_osawa	japanese japanese
garnet_walch	australian deaths
pamela_brooks	21st-century women novelists
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
allen_barnett_:writer	american from
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
dan_didio	living births
annamarie_jagose	21st-century women
h.j.whigham	scottish births
marion_halligan	australian women writers
brett_halliday	american american
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
alan_barnes_:writer	year of birth
paolo_tullio	irish writers
celia_thaxter	american american
michael_d._ratner	american births
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
elchin_afandiyev	azerbaijani writers
robert_poulet	belgian births
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
meir_shalev	israeli births
phillip_hoose	american from
elizabeth_harrison_:writer	english births novelists
horace_mccoy	american from
bill_brittain	american american novelists
farhat_ishtiaq	pakistani births
mark_hentemann	american television writers
pål_johan_karlsen	people births
matthew_weiner	american television
david_wong_:writer	american from novelists
paco_ignacio_taibo_ii	mexican from
robert_draper	american births
neil_macfarquhar	american of
emily_wachtel	american television writers
robert_asch	english educated
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
g.k.chesterton	english male
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
nega_mezlekia	canadian from
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
gerlind_reinshagen	german women
cortney_lance_bledsoe	american women
halldór_laxness	people deaths
elisabeth_axmann	romanian births
audrey_erskine_lindop	english births novelists
mark_a.altman	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
rachna_gilmore	canadian women
farah_ghuznavi	year of is
alexander_kazantsev	russian births
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
maria_jane_jewsbury	19th-century women writers
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
robert_m.pirsig	american from
radomir_konstantinović	20th-century from
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
emilio_rabasa	austrian deaths
paul_merton	english male
harold_preece	american from
patrick_west	british of
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
nate_jackson	living births
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
dugald_steer	english births writers
dallas_john_baker	australian short story
michael_vatikiotis	american from
george_lockhart_:politician	people of
rené_belletto	french french
pearl_s._buck	american from
dave_roman	year of birth
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
nagavarma_i	indian from
richard_appel	american from
elizabeth_parson	people births
mary_maclane	canadian women
miguel_donoso_pareja	brazilian deaths
elie_wiesel	american american
cvetka_bevc	slovenian from
catie_lazarus	american of birth
mir-jam	20th-century novelists
gerald_clarke_:author	american from
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
andrea_blaugrund_nevins	american births writers
daniel_cerone	american television writers
p._schuyler_miller	american american short
pietro_citati	italian italian
miles_franklin	20th-century women writers
agnes_herbert	british of
david_milch	american from
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
gunvor_hofmo	norwegian women writers
michael_seitzman	american births
gertrude_bell	english of
richard_steele	19th-century of
brian_andreas	american american
carlo_emilio_gadda	italian italian
emily_nasrallah	20th-century women
p._kalaimani	date deaths
elizabeth_wormeley_latimer	19th-century women
herbert_lyle_mayfield	american from
marv_wolfman	american comics
anjum_anand	british of
nele_neuhaus	living people writers
charles_de_lint	21st-century from novelists
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
gerhard_polt	german male
george_nafziger	american from
geeta_dharmarajan	indian women
alistair_paterson	new zealand
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
armas_äikiä	ukrainian deaths
christianne_meneses_jacobs	american of
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
pedro_malón_de_chaide	spanish births
ali_el-maak	20th-century deaths
edmond_fleg	french french
frederick_exley	american from
anne_marie_winston	american women novelists
ralph_fletcher	american american
michael_brooks_:science_writer	living of writers
mato_lovrak	20th-century novelists
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
nick_towne	american television writers
basil_h.johnston	canadian from
ping_lu	21st-century women
henrietta_christian_wright	american children's
paul_brodeur	american male
anton_schnack	german german
bhaskar_sunkara	american of
ntone_edjabe	living births
bryan_thao_worra	american from
rebecca_parr_cioffi	21st-century women novelists
anita_nair	20th-century indian
marion_mainwaring	american women
rob_grant	english of writers
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
merata_kawharu	south zealand
fazil_iskander	russian short
günther_krupkat	german male
hans-otto_meissner	german deaths
odveig_klyve	norwegian norwegian
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
charles_quentin_fernie_pope	new zealand
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
cate_shortland	australian births
naomi_novik	american american novelists
es'kia_mphahlele	south african
gavriil_troyepolsky	russian deaths
mike_leigh	english male
helen_corke	20th-century women
george_monbiot	british of
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
ranjit_desai	indian from
paul_bellini	canadian from
erhard_frommhold	people deaths
david_pinski	20th-century deaths
betty_friedan	american american
ana_maria_machado	brazilian women
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
eliette_abécassis	french women writers
allen_barnett_:writer	american from
agnes_nixon	american television
ally_condie	american women novelists
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
orlando_wells	english male
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
gustaw_przeczek	polish from
bohumil_hrabal	austrian births
alan_grant_:writer	english births
heinrich_gottfried_von_bretschneider	german deaths
robert_olen_butler	american american
pamela_allen	australian from writers
robert_bloch	american american novelists
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
mary_elizabeth_hawker	19th-century women
claude_phillips	english of
marion_roach	american of birth
pat_mcintosh	year of fiction
aziz_nesin	turkish births
gwyn_thomas_:novelist	20th-century short
es'kia_mphahlele	south african
e.hoffmann_price	american american short
meliza_bañales	american women
allen_adler	american from
debra_spark	american from
charles_dickens	english male
namita_gokhale	indian women writers
clara_sereni	italian women
paul_rogers_:novelist	american from
anatoly_sofronov	recipients of
fathia_absie	american film
octavio_cordero_palacios_:writer	ecuadorian novelists
david_a.adler	american from
hans_ehrenbaum-degele	german deaths
mulumba_ivan_matthias	ugandan women
betty_roland	australian women
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
andrew_sabiston	canadian from
peter_kovačič_peršin	slovenian births
bentley_kyle_evans	american television
peter_milligan	living of
ramsey_campbell	english english
peg_lynch	american from
mike_w._barr	american comics
henry_blue_kline	american american
david_pritchard_:chess_player	british births
de_lysle_ferree_cass	american american novelists
penelope_fletcher	21st-century women writers
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
martha_brooks	canadian women writers
george_pérez	american comics
gopala_chandra_praharaj	indian from
maria_pypelinckx	flemish births
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
frank_o'hara	american from
cassie_stocks	canadian women novelists
dawn_lambertsen_kelly	american television birth
maria_elsa_da_rocha	20th-century women
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
anne_rundle	20th-century romantic fiction
hilton_als	american of
claire_fox	people of
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
enid_blyton	20th-century women novelists
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
emanuel_litvinoff	english from
pepita_seth	indian writers
donna_tartt	american women
ram_punjwani	indian from
norma_farber	american women
rick_copp	american from
norvell_w._page	american american short
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
maría_cadilla	puerto rican
marilyn_suzanne_miller	american television
bernadette_hall	new zealand novelists
rené_daumal	french french
craig_hinton	20th-century short
choi_in-ho	south births
daniel_scott_:writer	american american novelists
christopher_oscanyan	american deaths
fred_bridgland	british of
arnaldur_indriðason	people births
ante_tomić_:writer	croatian novelists
claire_keegan	21st-century short
premchand	indian from
eduard_limonov	russian male
andy_merrill	american male
micha_josef_berdyczewski	russian writers
dmitry_grigorovich	russian russian
meg_medina	american from
alexander_zhitinsky	russian births
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
p._balachandran	indian male
pierre_bellemare	french male
gish_jen	american short short
robert_blees	american from
phil_klay	american from
michel_kilo	syrian of
barbara_baynton	australian women
grazia_deledda	italian women
oliveria_prescott	english deaths
maurissa_tancharoen	american from
philip_tinari	american people
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
david_fury	american television
pietari_päivärinta	finnish births
evan_dunsky	american television writers
edith_ranum	norwegian women
hideo_oguni	japanese births
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
francisco_herrera_luque	20th-century novelists
maurice_rosy	belgian births
olwen_wymark	american from
ephraim_chambers	people births
arun_krushnaji_kamble	indian births
amanda_lohrey	20th-century women
anthony_flamini	american comics
collin_wilcox_:writer	american american novelists
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
marjorie_w._sharmat	american women writers
brandon_mull	american of
max_picard	german births
guy_hocquenghem	french french
catherine_mavrikakis	canadian canadian novelists
bill_oddie	english educated
raif_badawi	saudi arabian
rafael_reig	spanish people
aonghas_macneacail	scottish births
guo_jingming	people births
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
oliver_onions	english male
avadhanam_sita_raman	indian from
regina_doman	21st-century women
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
nan_nyunt_swe	burmese births
gianna_manzini	20th-century women
e.haldeman-julius	chilean deaths
milan_paroški	serbian of
archibald_gracie_iv	american from
antoinette_henriette_clémence_robert	french french
mavis_nicholson	british births
pierre_nothomb	belgian from
ernest_hillen	canadian canadian
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
charles_newman_:author	american from
mohinder_pratap_chand	indian from
andrew_klavan	american american
cynthia_defelice	20th-century women novelists
anthony_swofford	american from
paul_tough	canadian people
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
phillip_frazer	american births
malleshwari	20th-century births
aurania_rouverol	american women
perihan_mağden	turkish people
coelho_neto	brazilian deaths
nick_toczek	british of
a.whitney_brown	american television
robert_levin_:writer	american from
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
peter_sotos	american people
catherine_ann_dorset	people women writers
heinz_knobloch	german from
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
doris_gercke	german women writers
devan_:writer	20th-century from
edward_robinson_:curator	american of
preah_botumthera_som	cambodian deaths
boris_savinkov	russian writers
mike_resnick	american american novelists
chris_thompson_:tv_producer	american television
edwin_s.grosvenor	american from
marie-sissi_labrèche	canadian canadian novelists
anna_piaggi	italian women
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
igor_štiks	croatian novelists
anatoly_serep	chuvash deaths
mena_calthorpe	australian women
matt_wayne	american comics
olivier_adam	french french
maria_teresa_maia_gonzalez	living women
fernando_sabino	brazilian novelists
narayan_govind_chapekar	indian from
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
fortune_feimster	american television
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
gunvor_hofmo	norwegian women writers
hubert_harrison	american of
gary_paulsen	american american novelists
alistair_paterson	new zealand
carl_zimmer	american from
gour_das_bysack	telugu of
alexis_wright	australian women
rafael_chaparro_madiedo	20th-century novelists
phil_ford_:writer	british television
danny_fingeroth	american comics
bill_willingham	american comics
etgar_keret	israeli births
bill_tomicki	american of birth
craig_lancaster	american male
philip_f._deaver	american from
bhalchandra_nemade	indian writers
rie_cramer	dutch births
panchu_arunachalam	indian film
martha_brooks	canadian women writers
gilbert_king_:author	american from
edgar_wallace	english male
d.j.grothe	american from
anup_singh_choudry	bangladeshi of
canan_topçu	turkish people
philip_k._dick	american american
ahmed_muradbegović	bosnia and
peter_cunningham_:writer	english deaths
michael_lisicky	american from
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
glenn_eichler	american television writers
corrina_wycoff	american short
george_ade	american american
andrew_davies_:writer	people of
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
michael_d._ratner	american births
neela_padmanabhan	indian writers
adolphe_joanne	french deaths
alyson_richman	american of novelists
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
mary_hooper_:author	19th-century women writers
rajko_perušek	slovenian writers
beverly_cleary	american from
alan_pauls	argentine argentine
margery_sharp	english women writers
martín_solares	mexican women
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
anne_mackenzie_:writer	year of
hart_hanson	american television writers
derek_jewell	british deaths
eldridge_cleaver	american from
fermín_abella_y_blave	spanish births
mykola_khvylovy	ukrainian deaths
michel_ocelot	french births
arvind_gokhale	indian writers
antanas_škėma	lithuanian novelists
carleton_mabee	american from
eric_hansen_:travel_writer	american of birth
amrita_pritam	indian from
gene_luen_yang	american from
bernardo_vega	dominican republic
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
alex_beam	american of
frank_r.stockton	american from
alessandro_piperno	italian births
mushtaq_ahmad_yusufi	pakistani of
paul_groussac	french deaths
daniel_aaron	american of
hemant_shesh	indian from
rafael_spinola	guatemalan short
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
georgelle_hirliman	american women writers
darrell_figgis	19th-century deaths
edmond_fleg	french french
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
andré_nemec	american television
carol_matas	canadian women writers
michael_s._chernuchin	american television
bryan_gruley	american american novelists
ben_stein	american male
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
andrea_cagan	american of birth
akram_aylisli	azerbaijani azerbaijani
henri_jeanson	french male
anton_ingolič	slovenian from
georgi_karaslavov	people deaths
maureen_child	21st-century women novelists
carol_emshwiller	american american short
edgar_wallace	english male
peter_moore_smith	american of novelists
peter_gross_:comics	living people
cornelius_eady	american american
angeliki_palli	italian italian
anna-clara_tidholm	20th-century women writers
martti_larni	finnish births
max_ehrmann	american births
francisco_gregorio_billini	dominican republic
bret_hart	canadian from
cendrine_wolf	french women writers
audrey_penn	american of writers
daniel_vovak	american from
evelyn_waugh	english of
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
atrpet	armenian armenian
nick_bakay	american male
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
alana_lowes	australian from
chetan_joshi_:writer	indian writers
nicholas_sparks	american american
ann_donahue	american of writers
david_jay_brown	american from novelists
albert_monteys	people births
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
mile_markovski	people deaths
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
martín_caparrós	argentine births
harvey_pekar	american from
hannah_louise_shearer	american women novelists
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
eli_amir	israeli births
rené_marqués	puerto rican
eric_overmyer	american television
mira_mihelič	slovenian from
nicola_cornick	english of
richard_leonard	people of
dror_mishani	israeli novelists
andrei_sinyavsky	soviet short
amiri_baraka	american from
pavel_nilin	russian short
marie_majerová	20th-century novelists
alan_landsburg	american from
bruce_bawer	american from
harvey_pekar	american from
maría_luisa_elío	spanish from
anja_meulenbelt	dutch writers
pramatha_chaudhuri	bengali deaths
emilio_praga	italian italian
alexander_roda_roda	austrian deaths
bert_salzman	american film
ramo_nakajima	japanese japanese
milan_mirić	croatian novelists
alf_prøysen	norwegian deaths
nathalie_gassel	belgian births
michael_dorfman	israeli jews
georges_simenon	20th-century from
numa_sadoul	living births
edythe_mae_gordon	american from
goffredo_alessandrini	italian births
dmitry_grigorovich	russian russian
margaret_larkin	american american
andré_breton	french deaths
millôr_fernandes	brazilian dramatists
edith_pattou	american women novelists
carl_phillips	american from
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
michael_o'donoghue	american male
eugie_foster	american american novelists
erich_loest	german from
david_orton_:deep_ecology	canadian from
andrew_sabiston	canadian from
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
dick_debartolo	people of
dale_evans	american from
maurice_francis_egan	american from
amina_mama	21st-century of
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
maria_jacquemetton	american television writers
pat_brown_:criminal_profiler	american women writers
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
bohumil_hrabal	austrian births
eric_mitchell_:filmmaker	american film
g.k.chesterton	english male
helena_khan	bangladeshi of is
arnold_arre	filipino births
gert_hofmann	20th-century from
christina_crawford	american women writers
erich_loest	german from
marie_hall_ets	american of
david_alan_mack	american of novelists
robert_musil	20th-century women
geum_hee	south korean
dolores_alexander	american from
giorgio_faletti	italian births
maura_johnston	american women writers
gurdial_singh	indian from
arnaldur_indriðason	people births
rich_cohen	american people
marv_wolfman	american comics
christopher_cook_:writer	american male
emmanuel_f.lacaba	filipino births
robert_poulet	belgian births
philip_r._craig	american american novelists
florinda_donner	american from
rob_kutner	american people
hayes_davenport	american television
franca_treur	dutch dutch
ante_tomić_:writer	croatian novelists
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
mary_lee_settle	american american
eva_emery_dye	american american
matthew_chojnacki	american births
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
mary_jo_foley	american bloggers
poola_tirupati_raju	indian from
carl_solomon	american american
margaret_roper	english women
harindra_dave	people births
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
philippe_soupault	french french
don_l.johnson	american from
hayes_davenport	american television
raif_badawi	saudi arabian
martin_andersen_nexø	danish births
nikolai_uspensky	russian russian
georgi_vladimov	russian writers
refika_birgül	living people
ortensio_mauro	year writers
paul_jennings_:australian_author	australian australian
peter_sotos	american people
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
arandzar	ottoman deaths
charlie_williams_:british_writer	english births
richard_glatzer	american from
george_cockings	people births
françois_rabelais	french male
mike_fasolo	american people
dacia_maraini	italian women
hannah_lowe	british of
park_wansuh	south korean
blanca_de_lizaur	mexican women
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
max_allan_collins	american american novelists
helena_cobban	british of
enzo_fileno_carabba	italian births writers
h.d.couzens	american births
eliza_ruhamah_scidmore	american from
matt_de_la_peña	american of novelists
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
oskar_rosenfeld	austrian jews
ernesto_tomasini	british male
richard_hakluyt	english deaths
owen_wister	american from
david_ebershoff	american male
matthieu_ricard	french births
buddhadeb_guha	bengali writers
martin_van_beynen	21st-century from
bonnie_clearwater	american from
olivier_adam	french french
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
grace_lumpkin	american american
david_rakoff	american american
graham_salisbury	american from
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
frieda_a.murray	american women novelists
grant_allen	canadian from
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
mojca_kumerdej	slovenian women
angeline_hango	canadian women novelists
claude_bourdet	german from
milo_dor	austrian male
diana_atkinson	canadian women novelists
mathur_krishnamurthy	telugu writers
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
abdullah_abdul_kadir	malaysian writers
nagasubramanian_chokkanathan	indian indian
grigol_robakidze	male dramatists
oz_clarke	english births
candace_fleming	american women writers
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
benito_cereno_:writer	american of writers
george_henry_moore_:author	american from
hilario_barrero	spanish male
africanus_horton	people births
elizabeth_walter	20th-century of fiction
alexander_grin	russian male
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
ariel_levy	american american
douglas_kent_hall	american from
alexander_grin	russian male
emily_wachtel	american television writers
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
hermann_kasack	german german
bwesigye_bwa_mwesigire	ugandan of
aidan_higgins	irish short
barbara_euphan_todd	english deaths
charles_perez	american from
michael_blouin_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
antony_johnston	british comics
françoise_parturier	french women writers
namwali_serpell	american people
david_edelsten	british of
paolo_tullio	irish writers
birendra_kumar_bhattacharya	indian from
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
hortense_allart	19th-century women writers
beatrix_campbell	british of
alexei_perry	canadian of writers
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
albert_cossery	20th-century novelists
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
corsino_fortes	cape verdean
pavle_julinac	serbian of
richard_brightfield	living children's
apache_indian	bangladeshi male
refika_birgül	living people
robert_morace	american births writers
andre_dubus	american american novelists
francis_ryck	french male
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
gábor_görgey	hungarian from
clive_barker	lgbt male
daniel_sinapius-horčička	slovak births
donald_barr_chidsey	american from
bohumil_hrabal	austrian births
gerald_vizenor	american american
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
bagrat_ulubabyan	people deaths
fulgencio_argüelles	spanish births
rasheed_kidwai	living writers
mark_simmons_:author	year of birth
olly_mann	english male
muazzam_beg	indian film
david_spicer_:writer	year of birth missing
amelia_e.johnson	american women novelists
peter_cheney	year of birth
george_woodcock	canadian from
bhabani_bhattacharya	indian of
george_william_johnson_:writer	english deaths
alan_b.mcelroy	american male
mark_tungate	british of is
ichirō_sakaki	living births
eugen_kumičić	croatian novelists
arthur_frommer	american from
darcy_frey	american of
charles_frederick_williams	people deaths
alfred_gissing	english of
eleanor_zelliot	american deaths
grazia_deledda	italian women
charles_gordon_:journalist	canadian canadian
owen_kildare	american american novelists
patrice_killoffer	french people
polonca_kovač	slovenian from
curt_goetz	german male
bruce_eisner	american male
harold_bell_wright	american from
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
nino_nakashidze	20th-century women
elizabeth_post	american from
gregg_easterbrook	american from
d'arcy_mcnickle	american american
aya_tanimura	australian women writers
mary_elizabeth_hawker	19th-century women
pandit_narendra_sharma	indian from
rawi_hage	canadian women
chandra_kumar_agarwala	asom from
may_cutler	canadian women
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
hamid_dizdar	bosnia and
nikolay_karamzin	russian russian
max_crawford_:writer	american from
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
ann_c.crispin	american women novelists
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
peter_ho_davies	british of
fiona_mcintosh_:fencer	scottish of
nat_gertler	american comics
deborah_eisenberg	american from
mildred_barya	ugandan women
bushra_rahman	pakistani of
edith_hodgetts	people women writers
mary_noailles_murfree	american women writers
bill_arp	american from
carlos_yushimito	peruvian short
g.b.senanayake	20th-century lankan
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
edith_thacher_hurd	american women writers
margaret_powell	english of
patrick_white	australian short
melissa_plaut	american of is
maximilien_misson	french deaths
nam_jung-hyun	living people
patrick_richardson	british of
marshall_browne	australian australian
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
harry_cross_:sportswriter	american from
hubert_harrison	american of
derek_drymon	american male
christophe_claro	french births
clare_winger_harris	american american short
carrie_snyder	canadian women novelists
benjamín_carrión	20th-century deaths
debito_arudou	american from
mikhail_zagoskin	russian male
amrit_rai	indian from
christopher_dow_:author	american male
alexandre_jardin	french french novelists
alice_bailey	english deaths
frank_o'hara	american from
ningeokuluk_teevee	canadian from
emma_jane_unsworth	year of birth missing
dave_godfrey	canadian from
p._kalaimani	date deaths
mikihiko_renjō	japanese japanese
alexandru_bantoș	moldovan writers
claudia_casper	21st-century women short
hisham_matar	american of
richard_g._rosner	american from
peter_høeg	argentine births
greg_egan	australian from
necati_cumalı	turkish writers
hart_amos	australian births
c.b.colby	american from
pyotr_gnedich	russian russian
antranig_dzarugian	armenian deaths
herbert_leslie_gee	english births
erin_foster	american from
freeman_h.hubbard	american births
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
danny_hoch	american from
penelope_hobhouse	english of
betty_friedan	american american
hernando_burgos-soto	canadian from
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
henry_herbert,_3rd_earl_of_carnarvon	english of
catherine_mary_macsorley	irish women
helie_lee	american of of
gwendoline_butler	20th-century women novelists
derren_litten	english male
edward_behr_:food_writer	american from writers
andy_wightman	scottish of
catherine_turney	american deaths
per_hohle	norwegian births
greg_r.fishbone	american male
grace_randolph	american comics
benjamin_lebert	german births
ed_james_:writer	american television
norvell_w._page	american american short
david_rakoff	american american
elias_farkouh	british births
edgar_allan_poe	american american
henri_chantavoine	french deaths
michael_j._tougias	american people
dmitry_lipkin	american television writers
emma_richler	21st-century canadian short
nikolai_leykin	russian male
elizabeth_humphreys_penrose	american american novelists
ferdinand_brunetière	french deaths
ida_hegazi_høyer	norwegian norwegian writers
devananda_bharali	20th-century from
emily_barr	21st-century women writers
heinz_politzer	american jews
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
gianna_manzini	20th-century women
erle_elsworth_clippinger	estonian births
pitcheswara_rao_atluri	year of birth missing
nor_sanavongsay	american people
michael_lesy	american births
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
hans_joachim_alpers	german births
randa_abdel-fattah	australian people
armand_lunel	french french
ernest_thompson	american from
damon_young_:writer	american of
charles_alden_seltzer	american american novelists
brenda_jagger	20th-century romantic novelists
armand_lunel	french french
perihan_mağden	turkish people
michael_j._rosen	american male
patricia_wentworth	20th-century women novelists
camilla_gibb	21st-century women novelists
carl_fredrik_engelstad	dutch births
charles_newman_:author	american from
allan_sherman	american from
mohammad-reza_shafiei_kadkani	iranian from
carla_lane	english from
anna_de_noailles	french french
matthew_j._trafford	canadian canadian novelists
raoul_vaneigem	belgian births
marija_vojskovič	20th-century women
ponsonby_ogle	english deaths
moti_nandi	indian of
maria_popova	american births
alan_macdonald_:writer	english births
carol_weston	american from
danielle_simard	canadian from
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
gennifer_choldenko	american women novelists
caroline_dries	american television writers
amitava_kumar	american from
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
naa_someswara	indian people
catherine_mavrikakis	canadian canadian novelists
ahmad_kamyabi_mask	indian writers
barbara_paul	american american novelists
nagavally_r._s._kurup	indian film
george_wilbur_peck	american from
dwight_macdonald	american from
ernest_hello	french deaths
ali_bey_huseynzade	azerbaijani deaths
fenton_johnson	american american
colin_wilson	english english
meinolf_finke	german births
elizabeth_kata	australian women
chuck_austen	american of birth
guðbergur_bergsson	norwegian births
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
cho_seon-jak	south korean
piero_chiara	people births
breyten_breytenbach	south african
gerald_vizenor	american american
erica_messer	american television writers
rob_nieuwenhuys	dutch dutch
bill_lee_:author	american from
hal_higdon	american from
doina_ruști	romanian novelists
adam_kuckhoff	german german
anthony_burgess	english from
august_alle	estonian deaths
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
eva_norvind	norwegian women
dorothy_p.lathrop	american from
pai_hsien-yung	people people
anna_seghers	german of
emiliano_reali	italian male
charlotte_dean	american from writers
marie-jeanne_l'héritier	french women writers
paul_boutin	american people
douglas_kent_hall	american from
barbara_leonie_picard	20th-century women writers
nicky_moey	singaporean people
dejan_medaković	serbian from
margaret_wise_brown	american women
arthur_malkin	english births
dale_carnegie	american from
gerald_tomlinson	american from
catherine_spencer	year women novelists
olivier_adam	french french
greye_la_spina	american american short
bernie_west	american from
clive_barker	lgbt male
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
ram_shankar_tripathi	indian writers
christianne_meneses_jacobs	american of
matthew_quick	american from novelists
peter_rollins	living from
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
maria_jacquemetton	american television writers
paola_corso	21st-century american writers
dimitri_verhulst	people deaths
elizabeth_j.braswell	american of birth
cass_pennant	english male
anni_swan	finnish women
matthew_pitts	american television writers
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
aqeel_ahmed	english births
bryan_gruley	american american novelists
ilse_aichinger	austrian deaths
gabriel_garcía-badell	spanish births
giorgio_van_straten	italian italian
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
henry_bond	english births
nils_nordberg	norwegian norwegian writers
helen_van_pelt_wilson	american from
géza_bereményi	hungarian male
robert_borden_:tv_producer	american television
patrick_mchale_:artist	american male
craig_walker_:writer	canadian male
denis_norden	english male
günther_krupkat	german male
alexis_wright	australian women
danarto	indonesian births
henry_kreisel	canadian male novelists
marion_halligan	australian women writers
rian_johnson	american television
chingiz_abdullayev	people from
ed_subitzky	american male
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
nancy_taylor_rosenberg	living people
gene_luen_yang	american from
polina_suslova	russian russian
mark_ellis_:author	living people
miriam_young	american births
françois_gautier	french male
anita_daher	year women birth
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
bruce_vilanch	american from
nat_benchley	american male
parker_marie_molloy	american from
daniel_nester	american from
patricia_briggs	21st-century women novelists
amanda_browning	women romantic fiction
paul_collins_:musician	american births
bwesigye_bwa_mwesigire	ugandan of
masha_tupitsyn	living people
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
norman_franks	people births
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
ginger_wadsworth	american women writers
daniel_krige	australian television
bryan_gruley	american american novelists
rafael_garcía_serrano	spanish male
edgar_brau	argentine short
oliver_la_farge	american american
r._c._lehmann	people of
mend-ooyo_gombojav	living writers
milovan_vitezović	serbian of
gregory_norman_bossert	american american short
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
andrew_montford	british of birth
mildred_barya	ugandan women
n.m._mohan	indian writers
andrey_aldan-semenov	russian russian
pierrette_fleutiaux	french women writers
marie_ferrarella	american women novelists
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
borisav_stanković	serbian deaths
gregory_mcdonald	american american novelists
penni_russon	australian children's
francesco_marciuliano	american comics
clayton_rawson	american american novelists
mu_shiying	20th-century from
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
amelia_e.johnson	american women novelists
boleslav_markevich	russian male
ahmad_a'zam	people births
ann_mortifee	canadian from
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
musharraf_ali_farooqi	pakistani births
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
dennis_marks_:screenwriter	american television
constance_heaven	20th-century romantic novelists
dan_jones_:writer	english of
phillip_hoose	american from
hidayat_orujov	people from
nar-dos	armenian armenian
norbert_blei	american american novelists
elizabeth_cobbold	19th-century women
dorothy_carrington	people of
c.v.sreeraman	indian male
punaloor_balan	indian from
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
frank_skinner	english educated
germaine_greer	australian from
brian_clevinger	american comics
michael_scott_:irish_author	irish irish
mons_lie_:writer	20th-century short
harry_bernstein	american from
andersen_gabrych	american male
adriaan_van_meerbeeck	portuguese births
bob_hamm	american american
michael_blumlein	american american novelists
reşat_ekrem_koçu	turkish deaths
ching_he_huang	british of
annie_groovie	canadian from
quentin_lee	canadian from
aaron_peck	canadian from
rita_mae_brown	american american
ellen_galford	canadian of novelists
andré_rouveyre	french deaths
anthony_bidulka	canadian canadian
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
husna_ahmad	british of
melissa_holbrook_pierson	american people
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
david_alan_mack	american of novelists
francisco_manuel_de_mello	italian births
floyd_salas	american rican
george_lockhart_:politician	people of
chris_sheridan_:writer	american male
ghassan_kanafani	20th-century novelists
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
brian_burland	people births
rina_mimoun	american television writers
barrie_jean_borich	21st-century women writers
christine_brückner	german women
doug_moench	american comics
oscar_r._gómez	living writers
carl_potts	american comics
elchin_afandiyev	azerbaijani writers
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
bibhuprasad_mohapatra	people writers
emilia_salvioni	italian italian
ann_grocott	australian women
g.k.chesterton	english male
maría_esther_vázquez	argentine women
michealene_risley	american births
alexander_macleod_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
alisa_kwitney	american women novelists
carla_lane	english from
giulio_angioni	italian italian
patricia_maldonado	brazilian births
charles-olivier_michaud	canadian births
maria_valtorta	german births
carol_windley	canadian canadian novelists
cliff_green	australian from
christine_beatty_:activist	american from
marnix_gijsen	flemish from
arvid_nelson	american of birth
darryl_broadfoot	british of birth
dan_greenburg	american american novelists
nellie_hermann	21st-century american novelists
eliza_robertson	21st-century women short
donna_mcfarlane	canadian canadian novelists
paul_goma	romanian essayists
robert_l.washington_iii	american comics
francine_du_plessix_gray	american american
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
diana_hart	canadian people
adolf_muschg	german from
fenton_johnson	american american
norman_corwin	american male novelists
mrs_f._c._patrick	20th-century women novelists
berta_ruck	20th-century women novelists
mohammad-reza_shafiei_kadkani	iranian from
michael_j._rosen	american male
diana_abgar	people from
don_perrin	canadian from
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
rebecca_solnit	american women
owen_wister	american from
adam_begley	american from
audre_lorde	american american
nilmoni_phukan_:senior	asom from
franca_treur	dutch dutch
fermín_abella_y_blave	spanish births
haakon_bugge_mahrt	norwegian norwegian
milovan_vitezović	serbian of
nigel_bennett	english male
anne_sayre	american women
george_langelaan	irish of
catherine_mary_macsorley	irish women
oliver_onions	english male
mirko_breyer	venezuelan births
michèle_laframboise	canadian children's writers
david_gaider	canadian game dragons
alice_pung	people births
domingo_andrés	spanish births
octavio_paz	mexican women
h.r.percy	canadian male novelists
donald_f.glut	american comics
ahmet_zappa	american male
hallvard_rieber-mohn	norwegian births
peter_hessler	american births
fermín_abella_y_blave	spanish births
guy_hocquenghem	french french
michael_ende	german women
peg_lynch	american from
alda_merini	italian women writers
anuraadha_tewari	indian from
patricia_ryan_:author	american women novelists
richard_crasta	american male
babasaheb_purandare	indian deaths
haakon_bugge_mahrt	norwegian norwegian
gustavo_charif	people births
david_astle	australian australian
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
matt_fraction	american comics
matthew_reinhart	american people
bi_feiyu	people women
oh_sangwon	south births
carol_gorman	american from
brad_ferguson	american american novelists
erwin_strittmatter	german of
anne_coventry,_countess_of_coventry_:1673-1763	people women writers
meir_shalev	israeli births
aranka_siegal	american women
franz_kafka	austrian births
margaret_mayo_:children's_author	english women writers
philip_dray	american of birth
herbert_marshall_:writer	british births
massimo_citi	italian births
francis_trevelyan_miller	american births
brenda_chapman_:writer	21st-century women novelists
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
michael_moorcock	english science
alberto_fuguet	american births
han_su-san	south korean
michel_ocelot	french births
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
carlos_monsiváis	mexican births
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
elizabeth_sarnoff	american television writers
mark_blagrave	canadian canadian novelists
marita_bonner	american american
robert_lewis_shayon	american deaths
alvin_boretz	american from
e.nelson_bridwell	american comics
george_moreby_acklom	british births
h.rider_haggard	english male
robert_bloch	american american novelists
nele_neuhaus	living people writers
peter_wells_:filmmaker	new of
a.s.king	21st-century women novelists
iain_morris	english births
reginald_hill	english of
douglas_murray_:author	people of
frank_launder	english births
anahareo	canadian from
anatole_broyard	american from
barry_chamish	canadian from
nick_hurst	living of birth
françois_rabelais	french male
emily_holton	canadian canadian
gennifer_choldenko	american women novelists
chigozie_obioma	nigerian nigerian
aaron_hoffman	american deaths
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
mary_elizabeth_hawker	19th-century women
hp_tinker	english births
nicola_palazzo	italian births
patricia_briggs	21st-century women novelists
maxence_caron	french french
erik_p.kraft	american of birth
nader_kadhim	living people
bryan_thao_worra	american from
ana_tena	spanish women writers
robert_thurman	american from
erik_lie_:writer	norwegian norwegian
andrew_lam	american american
a.n.krishna_rao	telugu writers
edmond_fleg	french french
eric_dando	australian short story
cameron_duncan	american from
max_kruse_:author	german deaths
miriam_roth	american people
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
richard_mabey	english of
clementina_suárez	20th-century women
raja_dhale	dalit writers
alan_fennell	british births
eduard_limonov	russian male
e_o_higgins	e births
betty_fussell	american births writers
david_horowitz	american from
franz_fühmann	german german
aron_eli_coleite	american television writers
ayub_sabir	pakistani births
honobu_yonezawa	japanese short
melissa_harris-perry	american from
anica_savić_rebac	serbian deaths
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
daniela_dahn	german german
arkadiy_belinkov	russian writers
florinda_donner	american from
chris_lawson	australian births
doug_palau	american television writers
amber_dawn	21st-century women
emily_smith_:author	21st-century women novelists
e.r.frank	american of writers
dušan_čater	slovenian from
dale_brown	american from
aleksandar_hemon	american american
martiros_of_crimea	year of birth
glenn_o'brien	american of
cylin_busby	american of
max_huwyler	living people
barbara_leonie_picard	20th-century women writers
richard_hakluyt	english deaths
albert_alberts	dutch dutch
derek_brown_:editor	british of birth
minna_canth	19th-century women
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
david_benedictus	english births
felix_c.gotschalk	american american novelists
elizabeth_knox	21st-century zealand novelists
elyse_gasco	canadian canadian novelists
dan_gutman	american from
n._mohanan	indian male
david_zindell	american american novelists
paul_clammer	english births
faranak_margolese	american people
helena_araújo	21st-century short
donald_e.westlake	american american novelists
howard_overman	year of birth missing
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
giovanni_testori	italian male
elsa_triolet	russian women
barly_baruti	people deaths
andreas_bruce	swedish births
maureen_jennings	21st-century women writers
dale_carnegie	american from
pilín_león	living births
ally_condie	american women novelists
carol_dunlop	canadian from
estela_canto	argentine women
alvin_toffler	american from
akira_hori	living births
brander_matthews	american from
beverly_cleary	american from
gerald_vizenor	american american
marijac	french births
anthony_bailey_:author	british of
danielle_trussoni	american from
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
nicola_cornick	english of
aaron_paquette	canadian from
francis_marrash	ottoman deaths
barry_oakley	australian australian
dave_godfrey	canadian from
evadne_price	20th-century women writers
a.a.gill	british of
bruce_vilanch	american from
adriano_gonzález_león	20th-century novelists
glenn_gordon_caron	american television writers
mitchell_dawson	american of
froma_harrop	american women
clare_winger_harris	american american short
alex_gray_:author	british women writers
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
albert_kivikas	estonian deaths
george_monbiot	british of
margaret_mazzantini	italian births
emily_wachtel	american television writers
anna-leena_härkönen	20th-century women
n._s._madhavan	indian male
robert_costa_:journalist	american of
pam_brady	american television writers
rachel_axler	american television birth
paul_levitz	american comics
musharraf_ali_farooqi	pakistani births
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
harry_sinclair_drago	american from
anwaar_ahmad	pakistani of
morgan_higby_night	american births
park_hyoung-su	living korean
quentin_crisp	english male
abul_fazal_:writer	bengali births
erle_elsworth_clippinger	estonian births
elizabeth_strong_worthington	american women
costa_dillon	american of
richard_glatzer	american from
nan_nyunt_swe	burmese births
maria_rosseels	belgian belgian
bertrand_besigye	norwegian norwegian
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
matthew_crawford	american people
conrad_aiken	american american
george_dicaprio	american births
hertha_pohl	austrian births
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
ragnar_frislid	norwegian norwegian
gerhard_dengler	german from
rituparna_basu	living from
raziel_reid	canadian from
faranak_margolese	american people
bob_paris	american from
miguel_otero_silva	20th-century from
harriet_elizabeth_prescott_spofford	american american
robert_padnick	american television writers
paz_márquez-benítez	people deaths
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
gordon_waterman_chaplin	american births
mike_berenstain	american people
paul_glennon	canadian canadian novelists
bill_owen_:writer_and_announcer	american male
archie_goodwin_:comics	american age
pete_morisi	american comics
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
gordon_stewart_anderson	canadian from
christopher_sequeira	australian from
amanda_havard	american women novelists
michel_verne	french french novelists
reynaldo_a._duque	people writers
himani_bannerji	canadian of
manny_coto	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
alphonse_olterdissen	people births
anthony_burgess	english from
anita_pratap	indian women writers
david_pinski	20th-century deaths
emily_kai_bock	canadian from
georges_belmont	french french
alex_sheshunoff	american of
abby_mann	american television
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
david_bezmozgis	canadian from
michael_mcginley	year of death
hava_volovich	russian writers
errol_fuller	british male
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
gregg_kavet	american television writers
hrishikesh_sulabh	indian male
dirk_philips	flemish from
anar_rzayev	azerbaijani azerbaijani
michelle_izmaylov	american women novelists
aníbal_cristobo	argentine women
mary_helen_stefaniak	american of
drago_jančar	slovenian from
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
bret_hart	canadian from
n._m._browne	english women writers
oksana_marafioti	american people
ernest_gébler	irish from
holley_rubinsky	canadian women novelists
b.s.mardhekar	indian from
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
giannina_braschi	american women
george_tofan	romanian from
arturo_jauretche	argentine essayists
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
charles_gramlich	american american short
pierre_morency	canadian from
anvar_mammadkhanli	ukrainian deaths
pyotr_gnedich	russian russian
george_saunders	american from
franz_kafka	austrian births
anton_ingolič	slovenian from
mirza_adeeb	pakistani from
eugenio_vegas_latapie	spanish births
hélène_rioux	canadian women
henri-françois_rey	french male
cornelia_meigs	american american
aymeric_chauprade	french male
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
brenda_chapman	american film
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
elvia_ardalani	mexican births
berdy_kerbabayev	people deaths
ante_tomić_:writer	croatian novelists
buz_kohan	american television
elizabeth_harrison_:writer	english births novelists
daisuke_watanabe	hong comics
paul_leyssac	people births
clara_louisa_wells	american women writers
aya_tanimura	australian women writers
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
gil_filar	canadian canadian novelists
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
freddie_williams_ii	american comics
eugen_kumičić	croatian novelists
maximilian_kravkov	people deaths
george_woodcock	canadian from
meredith_haaf	german women writers
andrea_james	american from
herta_huber	german from
gerald_carr_:cartoonist	australian people
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
alexander_mazin	russian births
alfred_gregory_yewen	australian deaths
homen_borgohain	indian from
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
claude_roger-marx	french french
bharago	indian from
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
bi_feiyu	people women
franz_kafka	austrian births
arthur_upfield	20th-century from
ian_rankin	british of
brian_attebery	american american novelists
haden_blackman	american comics birth
pero_budmani	serbian serbian
cherith_baldry	21st-century women novelists
félix_evaristo_mejía	dominican republic
masaki_tsuji	japanese births
bill_nuss	place of birth
christina_lauren	american women novelists
bal_samant	indian writers
peter_ho_davies	british of
cleve_cartmill	american american novelists
maria_aurora_couto	indian women
rené_marqués	puerto rican
christopher_matthew	people educated
fran_striker	american from
christopher_hurn	american of birth
dominique_fernandez	french french
christopher_belton	21st-century of
claude_phillips	english of
mervyn_peake	english from
coleman_jacoby	american from
guo_jingming	people births
daniel_ford_:editor_and_writer	south african writers
richard_ballantine	american births
martin_walser	german from
daniil_andreyev	russian male
michael_dibdin	british of
motohiko_izawa	japanese japanese
gopala_chandra_praharaj	indian from
michael_legat	20th-century women novelists
mike_edison	american of
michael_carrington_:voice_actor	american television writers
maxence_caron	french french
matthew_weiner	american television
eric_van_lustbader	american american novelists
grace_paley	american american
célestine_hitiura_vaite	21st-century women
clement_clarke_moore	american from
elie_wiesel	american american
rita_mae_brown	american american
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
nagavally_r._s._kurup	indian film
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
anna_blaman	20th-century women
allan_sherman	american from
grace_paley	american american
maria_agnès_ribera_garau	19th-century women writers
ralph_fletcher	american american
bernardo_vega	dominican republic
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
gidugu_venkata_ramamoorty	indian writers
bryan_elsley	british births
andrés_useche	american births
mary_ward_brown	american deaths
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
amy_sackville	alumni of
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
nikolai_garin-mikhailovsky	russian russian
allan_chappelow	people of
alan_sillitoe	english short
devon_shepard	american television writers
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
daryn_tufts	american from
a.a.phillips	australian from
nat_powers	living people
arthur_mee	british births
honobu_yonezawa	japanese short
nella_bielski	french french writers
riccardo_calimani	italian births
rafael_levaković	dominican deaths
nathan_birnbaum	austrian deaths
cvetka_bevc	slovenian from
matthew_leutwyler	american births
mikhail_stasyulevich	russian deaths
mark_rowlands	british writers
cizia_zykë	french french
michel_bussi	french french
ian_b.goldberg	american television birth
pierre_daninos	20th-century french
michael_jackson_:writer	english educated
art_spander	american from
carl_wilhelm_böttiger	swedish swedish
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
meir_shalev	israeli births
michael_james_nelson	living people
owen_o'neill	australian of writers
fred_davis_:entrepreneur	american male
corvida_raven	american women
miguel_m._abrahão	brazilian novelists
motilal_jotwani	indian writers
george_woodcock	canadian from
bill_thompson_:technology_writer	english of
mary_hood	american women novelists
amos_oz	israeli novelists
narcís_oller	swedish births
nihal_atsız	turkish writers
matt_k.lewis	michael kindred is is american writer writer and
amy_sherman-palladino	american television writers
dan_jones_:writer	english of
aristide_frémine	19th-century deaths
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
gwen_grant	english of
rebecca_parr_cioffi	21st-century women novelists
michael_jackson_:writer	english educated
astrid_roemer	surinamese births
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
atin_bandyopadhyay	bengali writers
p._d._james	english of
niko_pucić	serbian deaths
hasan_azizul_huq	bangladeshi of
dwayne_wayans	american male
gary_reed_:comics	american comics
alan_fennell	british births
connie_booth	american from
parnell_hall_:writer	american american novelists
frank_manley	american american
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
rebecca_rush	american children's novelists
corín_tellado	spanish women
anthony_sampson	english of
cintra_wilson	american women
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
nay_myo_thant	burmese writers
marina_ripa_di_meana	italian women
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
peter_lovesey	english short
david_kalstone	american from
elizabeth_anne_finn	people deaths
matt_tullos	living people
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
maxime_du_camp	french french
michael_o'donoghue	american male
duncan_barrett	english educated
ekalavyan_:novelist	indian male
franca_treur	dutch dutch
narayan_ghosh_mita	bangladeshi of is
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
robert_gernhardt	german german
christine_craig	21st-century short
dennis_marks_:screenwriter	american television
alireza_gholami	iranian births
amy_wallace	20th-century women writers
alex_leslie	21st-century women novelists
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
rafael_barrett	paraguayan deaths
candice_millard	american of
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
chris_rafferty	american television writers
boori_monty_pryor	australian from writers
paulus_melissus	german deaths
gillian_mears	australian australian
bill_nuss	place of birth
chris_zook	american of
nancy_kress	american american novelists
frank_o'hara	american from
alina_bronsky	living people writers
patricia_grasso	21st-century women writers
eduard_uspensky	russian male
felicitas_hoppe	german women writers
claude_roger-marx	french french
raghavanka	indian from
duncan_regehr	canadian from
melinda_m._snodgrass	20th-century american novelists
errol_fuller	british male
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
mary_maclane	canadian women
andré_bjerke	norwegian norwegian
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
eudora_welty	american american
brett_borgen	norwegian women
mark_salzman	american from
nathanaël	canadian women novelists
arthur_malkin	english births
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
bernard_gordon_:writer	american from
arild_haga	norwegian births
maryse_dubuc	canadian births
michelle_jerott	21st-century women writers
carl_amery	german male
gish_jen	american short short
andrei_zarin	russian russian
edward_sims_van_zile	american from
robert_ames_bennet	american american novelists
bishwanath_ghosh	indian from
george_joseph_gustave_masson	english deaths
rob_ledonne	living people
h.c.cradock	20th-century women writers
german_sadulaev	russian male
alexander_herzen	russian russian
rabina_khan	british of
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
diana_morgan_:novelist	american of novelists
david_morris_:author	american of
francisco_herrera_luque	20th-century novelists
alethea_kontis	american women novelists
petru_bogatu	moldovan writers
henry_r.evans	american from
donna_tartt	american women
abubakar_imam	south of
catherine_corley_anderson	american women
p._craig_russell	american comics
betty_ren_wright	american women novelists
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
brenda_jagger	20th-century romantic novelists
catherine_yronwode	american from
antoine-joseph_pernety	french deaths
robert_hull	american television writers
ailsa_piper	australian from
nick_bakay	american male
maud_newton	american women
césar_aira	argentine births
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
nick_bakay	american male
ghulam_sarwar	bangladeshi of
mat_johnson	american from
mouloud_mammeri	people births
maría_teresa_tula	living people
douglas_anthony_cooper	canadian canadian novelists
monica_sone	american from
fleur_jaeggy	swiss births
goffredo_parise	italian male
alice_mcdermott	american women
david_zindell	american american novelists
elisabetta_caminèr_turra	19th-century women
darren_barefoot	canadian male
renate_stendhal	american births
mavis_biesanz	20th-century deaths
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
gertrude_bell	english of
alison_uttley	english births
richard_moore_:comics	american comics
midori_:author	american from
gustav_wied	male male
fred_davis_:entrepreneur	american male
gennifer_hutchison	american television writers
arthur_stanley_riggs	american deaths
gaylord_dubois	american births
alasdair_gray	british of
brian_francis	canadian from
basil_h.johnston	canadian from
colin_wilson	english english
adolf_brand	german deaths
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
mariusz_kotowski	living people
arkady_arkanov	people of
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
ed_cullen	american from
augusto_de_angelis	italian male
donald_lowrie	american from
miriam_toews	canadian from
hassan_poladi	living births
gunning_s.bedford	american deaths
helen_lilian_shaw	20th-century women writers
evelyn_e.smith	20th-century women novelists
helio_vera	male births
angie_abdou	21st-century canadian novelists
niccolò_tucci	american short
david_carpenter_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
michael_moorcock	english science
diana_abgar	people from
david_milofsky	american american short
rictor_norton	american from
dawn_powell	american american
eulalie_spence	american american
gonzalo_suárez	spanish male
armstrong_sperry	american from
amos_oz	israeli novelists
mary_louisa_molesworth	19th-century women
dmytro_dontsov	ukrainian deaths
byron_vincent	british births
mark_whiting	american people
otto_tausig	austrian male
francis_stuart	irish deaths
colin_mcnaughton	english of
alan_bleasdale	english male
graham_duff	english births
adam_kazimierz_czartoryski	recipients of the
djuna_barnes	american american
brent_weeks	american of novelists
chad_holt	american from
paul_heyse	german german
rajeev_nair	indian film
robert_harling_:writer	american male
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
oktay_rıfat_horozcu	turkish writers
djuna_barnes	american american
raffaele_la_capria	italian italian
agnes_strickland	19th-century women
cora_taylor	canadian women writers
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
paul_jennings_:australian_author	australian australian
abdul_qavi_desnavi	indian from
frank_decaro	american from
denise_robertson	english of
qiu_jin	people births
arleen_paré	canadian women
hanna_krall	people births
abdón_ubidia	male short story
matthew_robinson_:director	american people
ahmed_mohamed_al-hofi	people of
ari_berk	american american novelists
ransom_riggs	american people
davide_cali	italian births
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
george_tabori	people from
david_renwick	english births
paulette_nardal	20th-century women writers
aida_gonzález	20th-century women writers
emily_nasrallah	20th-century women
alexander_belyaev	russian deaths
frank_skinner	english educated
brian_keenan_:writer	people of
rafael_sabatini	english births
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
barry_webster_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
octavio_paz	mexican women
pat_condell	english educated
bruce_kalish	american television
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
alison_joseph	21st-century women novelists
baltasar_porcel	spanish births
don_dickinson	canadian canadian novelists
david_j.peterson	american from
archie_goodwin_:comics	american age
bipin_chandran	indian male
andy_lanning	year of birth
brian_cleeve	irish from
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
nawal_el_saadawi	egyptian people
arthur_morrison	english english
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
christopher_hurn	american of birth
daniel_harms	american american
daryn_tufts	american from
ram_shankar_tripathi	indian writers
peter_wells_:filmmaker	new of
edward_maitland	english deaths
mariangelo_accorso	italian encyclopaedia
eleanor_clymer	american from
n._m._browne	english women writers
mindy_newell	american comics
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
bill_prady	american television
ahlam_mosteghanemi	people births
maurice_bladel	people births
frances_noyes_hart	american from
rajzel_żychlińsky	american american
basil_copper	english births
peter_altenberg	austrian deaths
carlos_méndez_villalobos	mexican births
božena_němcová	austrian women
matt_bell_:author	american births
morten_piil	living births
adolphe_joanne	french deaths
franz_borkenau	austrian deaths
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
qustaki_al-himsi	ottoman deaths
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
qiu_jin	people births
gilbert_collard	french male
charles_montgomery_:writer	canadian from
nick_spencer	american of birth
george_macovescu	romanian from
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
anna_maria_ortese	italian women writers
dj_hazard_:comedian	american male
giuseppe_berto	italian italian
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
antje_rávic_strubel	german women writers
georges_de_bièvre	french french
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
alphie_mccourt	american from
cleo_odzer	american births
reynaldo_a._duque	people writers
mariangelo_accorso	italian encyclopaedia
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
rajaa_al-sanea	living people
hans_beimler_:screenwriter	american television writers
henry_bond	english births
richard_harris_:television_writer	english births
fannie_pearson_hardy_eckstorm	american deaths
alexei_perry	canadian of writers
florida_friebus	american from
corsino_fortes	cape verdean
david_patrick_:writer	people births
edmund_goulding	people film
barbara_grier	american women
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
olle_länsberg	20th-century births
margaret_larkin	american american
orson_spencer	american from
nell_dixon	women of fiction
mirosław_nahacz	polish male
antonio_roque_gobbo	male short
panteleimon_kulish	ukrainian deaths
ginette_mathiot	french deaths
mark_tungate	british of is
maxim_gorky	russian male
nigel_nicolson	people of
edna_mayne_hull	20th-century women novelists
dominique_de_roux	french births
geling_yan	american people
barton_paul_levenson	american american short
betty_jane_wylie	canadian from
alan_davis	english births
christopher_story	british of
adriaan_van_meerbeeck	portuguese births
raffaello_baldini	german from
rachakonda_viswanatha_sastry	indian from
nina_josu	moldovan writers
paul_s._dunkin	american from
frank_bartleman	american births
george_kashdan	american comics
rian_johnson	american television
ralph_chaplin	american deaths
patrick_white	australian short
bess_meredyth	american from
oliver_la_farge	american american
constancio_c.vigil	argentine births
gary_indiana	american of
hubert_harrison	american of
aline_valangin	swiss births
melissa_harris-perry	american from
boleslav_markevich	russian male
mary_stocks,_baroness_stocks	19th-century deaths
noy_holland	american from
olof_lagercrantz	swedish swedish
maria_zhukova	russian russian
elsie_locke	new zealand
alan_woo	21st-century canadian novelists
dawn_powell	american american
moti_nandi	indian of
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
dionisio_pérez_gutiérrez	people births
arnold_bennett	english male
pola_oloixarac	argentine births
paz_márquez-benítez	people deaths
rebecca_solnit	american women
filippo_buonaccorsi	italian male
hryhorii_epik	ukrainian of
alexander_tarasov-rodionov	russian male
daniel_krige	australian television
beverley_jackson	american women novelists
andré_castelot	french male
mirkka_rekola	20th-century women
anne_henderson	australian from
henri_patin	19th-century french
perihan_mağden	turkish people
donald_cotton	british births
hanifa_deen	australian births
daniel_ivin	croatian births
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
francis_gibson	19th-century deaths
eddie_braben	english educated
drew_hayes	american comics
pierre_nothomb	belgian from
dave_jeser	american television writers
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
aurania_rouverol	american women
nicolas_billon	canadian canadian novelists
mary_downing_hahn	21st-century women novelists
acharya_chatursen_shastri	20th-century male
guido_piovene	italian italian
richard_levinson	american television
mikhail_zhvanetsky	recipients of
elsa_joubert	south african
erik_p.kraft	american of birth
rob_worley	american from
rafael_chaparro_madiedo	20th-century novelists
michael_punke	american people
p._t._deutermann	american from
mary_ann_kelty	19th-century women writers
oh_soo-yeon_:novelist	living births
c.dean_andersson	american comics
efraim_medina_reyes	colombian short
caroline_fourest	21st-century from
nejc_gazvoda	slovenian from
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
g.k.chesterton	english male
geeta_dharmarajan	indian women
constantin_stamati-ciurea	people from
angelina_muñiz-huberman	mexican women
ernest_buckler	canadian from
pat_mcintosh	year of fiction
erik_honoré	norwegian births
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
noel_loomis	american from
george_wyatt_:writer	english deaths
pierre_rabhi	living births
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
amy_wallace	20th-century women writers
francisco_xavier_da_cruz	cape verdean
guillermo_meneses	venezuelan births
blanca_de_lizaur	mexican women
manik_sitaram_godghate	michael j. is is an writer writer and and
guri_vesaas	norwegian norwegian writers
breen_frazier	american television birth
ragnar_frislid	norwegian norwegian
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
mercè_foradada	living people
eliza_ruhamah_scidmore	american from
dejan_medaković	serbian from
patricia_matthews	20th-century women novelists
marion_bloem	21st-century women
gurdial_singh	indian from
bhisham_sahni	indian from
rebecca_greer	american women
melinda_hammond	year of birth
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
elsie_johansson	swedish women
marie-sissi_labrèche	canadian canadian novelists
hu_yepin	20th-century deaths
gardner_fox	american comics
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
gil_filar	canadian canadian novelists
george_tabori	people from
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
alan_landsburg	american from
franz_kafka	austrian births
patricia_ryan_:author	american women novelists
hilary_bell_:writer	australian births
mary_kennedy	irish births
matthew_reinhart	american people
augustus_jessopp	english deaths
edgar_cantero	spanish births
michael_lesy	american births
richard_meredith_:author	english births
helen_hooven_santmyer	american american
nellie_hermann	21st-century american novelists
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
brian_dooley	people births
chris_stedman	american from
matthew_berry	american from
otto_eis	austrian deaths
fujisawa_shu	japanese births
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
patricia_wrightson	australian women
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
giovanni_verga	italian births
mitch_berman	american american novelists
andré_rouveyre	french deaths
pete_brown_:writer	british of
helyn_hitchcock	year of birth
giorgio_a.tsoukalos	american births
amir_muhammad_:director	british births
maria_jane_jewsbury	19th-century women writers
hannah_more	english women
nick_dear	english male
richard_moore_:comics	american comics
deasún_breathnach	people births
pagu	brazilian women
brian_hodge	american american novelists
patricia_breen	american television writers
martha_blum	canadian women
catherine_mavrikakis	canadian canadian novelists
halsted_sullivan	american television writers
edith_josie	canadian from
asar_eppel	russian short
richard_montanari	american american novelists
bertrand_m.tipple	american deaths
george_dohrmann	american from
patrick_mccabe_:novelist	irish short
gene_luen_yang	american from
berta_ruck	20th-century women novelists
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
daniel_lyons	american people
al_boasberg	american from
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
paul_merton	english male
anna-leena_härkönen	20th-century women
ghassan_kanafani	20th-century novelists
david_farr_:theatre_director	english births
adam_hamdy	english births
alf_collett	norwegian births
claudia_dey	21st-century women novelists
favel_parrett	21st-century women writers
odveig_klyve	norwegian norwegian
adolph_freiherr_knigge	german deaths
david_wong_:writer	american from novelists
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
martin_walser	german from
alan_woo	21st-century canadian novelists
daniel_picouly	french births
akiva_schaffer	american male
diane_ruggiero	american television writers
bejoy_nambiar	indian film directors
clare_cavendish	year of birth missing
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
anne_douglas_sedgwick	20th-century women writers
rhianna_pratchett	english people
george_chigas	american american
elizabeth_buchan	20th-century women novelists
arthur_kemp	new african
arthur_c.clarke	english from
muhsin_al-ramli	iranian people
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
france_bevk	slovenian from
connie_willis	american american novelists
brad_falchuk	american television writers
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
diamond_shumsher_rana	20th-century deaths
david_lamb_:journalist	american from
mohammadreza_bayrami	iranian births
angelina_muñiz-huberman	mexican women
panas_myrny	ukrainian male
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
fred_bridgland	british of
angelina_acuña	20th-century women
nathan_penlington	living people
marijo_moore	american from
doug_worgul	american of
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
mircea_damian	romanian romanian
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
philipp_meyer	american american
richard_goodman_:writer	american from
paul_kidd	australian short story
ian_pattison	year of birth missing
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
henry_barham	people births
francine_noël	canadian women novelists
meredith_sue_willis	american women novelists
melina_marchetta	australian children's
paul_castiglia	american comics
daniil_mordovtsev	russian russian
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
doris_gercke	german women writers
daniel_newman_:academic	british births
marie_hall_ets	american of
rajeev_nair	indian film
muhammed_bozdağ	turkish people
bartho_smit	people deaths
chuck_lorre	american television
maria_amelie	living births
david_small	american from
abrar_alvi	indian film directors
penelope_hobhouse	english of
pío_moa	spanish births
mehrunnisa_parvez	indian women
francesco_carotta	british births
robert_l.fish	american american novelists
enzo_siciliano	italian male
hector_c.macpherson	scottish deaths
margot_arce_de_vázquez	puerto rican
günther_schwab	austrian births
david_j.peterson	american from
anthony_browne_:author	british of writers
gyula_krúdy	hungarian from
philip_k._dick	american american
richard_holloway	scottish of
catherine_lucy_innes	new zealand writers
richard_hakluyt	english deaths
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
agosti_xaho	french births
bill_mantlo	american comics
mel_tolkin	american male
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
gerhard_dengler	german from
geoffrey_atherden	australian of writers
germaine_greer	australian from
ernest_thayer	american from
genevieve_foster	american from
antony_jay	people of
ook_chung	canadian people
blaize_clement	american women novelists
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
midori_:author	american from
andy_borowitz	american from
nicholas_wootton	american television writers
dnyanesh_maharao	indian from
moinul_ahsan_saber	bangladeshi people
richard_rubin_:writer	american from
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
ramchandra_shripad_jog	people births
dan_harmon	american television
eddie_chuculate	american from
márcio-andré	brazilian births
francisco_herrera_luque	20th-century novelists
metin_arditi	living births
randy_boyagoda	canadian from
alfred_jarry	french french
paul_bellini	canadian from
gisèle_prassinos	20th-century women
rafael_garcía_serrano	spanish male
richard_walton	american from
arthur_bradford	american american
carlos_franqui	brazilian births
e.hoffmann_price	american american short
ichirō_sakaki	living births
pierre_daninos	20th-century french
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
miran_jarc	slovenian births
hans_noever	german male
chen_maiping	20th-century short
federico_hernández_de_león	guatemalan births
douglas_haskell	american from
ernest_marwick	scottish deaths
chris_joseph_:writer/artist	hong comics
h.g.carrillo	american american
eric_boehlert	american of birth
helen_darville	australian australian
may_byron	english women
aldous_huxley	english from
boudewijn_büch	dutch deaths
emanuel_litvinoff	english from
deborah_biancotti	australian women writers
david_rambo	american television
abdul_hameed_:writer	pakistani from
paul_groussac	french deaths
brad_falchuk	american television writers
adrian_cristobal	people births
daniel_f.galouye	american american novelists
per_schwenzen	norwegian norwegian
feardorcha_ó_conaill	irish deaths
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
grace_paley	american american
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
doug_palau	american television writers
aleksandar_hemon	american american
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
georgi_vladimov	russian writers
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
boris_savinkov	russian writers
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
pierre_de_la_primaudaye	french male
constancio_c.vigil	argentine births
pietro_di_donato	american from
charles_gaines	american from
graham_salisbury	american from
daniil_mordovtsev	russian russian
graham_salisbury	american from
heinz_politzer	american jews
george_saunders	american from
gustavo_corção	chilean deaths
frederick_guthrie	british of
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
marlena_spieler	living people
henry_thomas_mackenzie_bell	english deaths
martti_larni	finnish births
brandon_peterson	american births
christopher_story	british of
robert_coates_:critic	american american novelists
donagh_macdonagh	irish deaths
richard_leonard	people of
anne_bishop	american women novelists
maura_penders	american television writers
nandita_da_cunha	living of
mona_kent	american women writers
camilla_gibb	21st-century women novelists
dean_wilkinson	video earle
alain_chedanne	french births
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
bill_oakley	american television
nuggehalli_pankaja	indian writers
drago_jančar	slovenian from
homer_eon_flint	american american short
bert_salzman	american film
bedar_mnagrio	pakistani births
heinz_pototschnig	people deaths
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
h.l.gold	american american short
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
erik_larsen	american comics
dana_johnson	american short
amarkant	indian writers
dheeraj_rattan	indian film directors
dinanath_gopal_tendulkar	indian writers
daniel_pennac	french french
barry_pilton	english educated
grigol_robakidze	male dramatists
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
edgar_allan_poe	american american
beatriz_copello	australian australian
alan_moore	english births
güney_dal	german births
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
nayantara_sahgal	indian women
max_kase	american from
arthur_c.clarke	english from
paragu	paraguayan deaths
elbert_hubbard	american from
michael_aitkens	english male
aravind_adiga	20th-century births
belinda_jones_:writer	english women
graham_hurley	english of writers
heleen_mees	japanese births
dallas_john_baker	australian short story
chandradhar_barua	20th-century from
constantin_stamati-ciurea	people from
alice_macgowan	american american novelists
david_biespiel	american from
haemi_balgassi	american of of
robert_fisk	people of
dolores_alexander	american from
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
clayton_rawson	american american novelists
paul_merton	english male
bjarne_rønning	norwegian births
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
edward_lewes_cutts	english deaths
anton_ingolič	slovenian from
max_picard	german births
bob_shaw	20th-century from fiction
pepita_seth	indian writers
hermann_kasack	german german
andré_bjerke	norwegian norwegian
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
robert_laxalt	american american novelists
alexander_ross_:writer	people births
brian_trueman	british television
renée_french	american comics
peter_o'donnell	english from
berton_roueché	american from
penni_russon	australian children's
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
caridad_bravo_adams	mexican women writers
ostap_vyshnya	russian writers
domenico_tempio	italian deaths
christopher_dow_:author	american male
claire_cook	21st-century women novelists
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
georgia_byng	people of
mika_waltari	finnish births
dževad_karahasan	bosnia and
glenn_rockowitz	american from
pattukkottai_prabakar	indian women
olivier_rolin	french french
maud_newton	american women
anne_devlin_:writer	people of writers
mary_lee_settle	american american
akira_yoshimura	japanese births
arie_kaplan	american comics
paul_jessup_:writer	american american novelists
pyotr_polevoy	russian writers
amrita_pritam	indian from
marion_halligan	australian women writers
henry_halsey_noyes	american from
rebecca_eisenberg	american university
craig_wayans	american male
azalaïs_d'arbaud	french deaths
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
craig_wayans	american male
patrick_jennings_:writer	american american novelists
david_woodard	american births
alec_sulkin	american television writers
gary_kinder_:author	american from
mike_resnick	american american novelists
félix_luna	argentine births
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
hemant_shesh	indian from
christopher_robbins	british births
amrita_pritam	indian from
igor_štiks	croatian novelists
perry_rosemond	canadian from
clara_sereni	italian women
angela_kang	american television writers
hamid_tamjidi	iranian births
matthew_chojnacki	american births
grant_morrison	people of
ian_denis_johnson	american bloggers
anna_sheehan	21st-century women novelists
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
parke_godwin	american american short
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
olen_steinhauer	american american novelists
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
adelaide_manning	english women writers
carlos_manuel_de_céspedes_y_quesada	people births
phakirappa_gurubasappa_halakatti	people writers
constantin_stamati	people from
dmytro_dontsov	ukrainian deaths
fatima_besnaci-lancou	21st-century women writers
alexander_faulkner_shand	english of
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
david_chase	american television
abdulla_shaig	ukrainian writers
hugh_walters_:author	english deaths
octavio_paz	mexican women
fabio_fiallo	dominican republic
aly_monroe	english births novelists
peter_hessler	american births
mark_shand	people of
archibald_gordon,_5th_marquess_of_aberdeen_and_temair	british deaths
pierre_jean_launay	french births
pat_jordan_:author	american braves
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
brandon_choi	american of birth
claudio_sanchez	american births
anne_seymour,_countess_of_warwick	16th-century births
betty_o'rourke	20th-century deaths novelists
miriam_roth	american people
pierre_bettencourt	french deaths
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
paul_e_cooley	american american short
parker_marie_molloy	american from
david_shore	canadian from
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
chester_himes	american from
phillip_margolin	american american
barbara_anderson_:writer	20th-century zealand zealand
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
nodar_dumbadze	20th-century novelists
caterina_edwards	canadian canadian novelists
paul_avila_mayer	american television
claude_aveline	french french
andy_hunt_:author	american births
renan_demirkan	spanish from
david_pinski	20th-century deaths
brian_plummer	british births
philip_rosenthal	american television writers
robert_gernhardt	german german
olivier_weber	french french
diana_atkinson	canadian women novelists
harry_hess_reichard	american births
franklin_d.mcdowell	canadian canadian novelists
peter_gibbs_:cricketer	english educated
rafael_sabatini	english births
pavel_prudnikau	people from
florida_friebus	american from
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
cecilio_acosta	venezuelan deaths
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
agnes_sligh_turnbull	american from
eiki_matayoshi	japanese births
dawn_powell	american american
paulette_bourgeois	canadian people
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
nat_benchley	american male
erik_lie_:writer	norwegian norwegian
peter_coleman	australian of
hjalmar_christensen	19th-century births
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
ajay_sastry	indian writers
boisnard_philippe	french births
august_gailit	estonian deaths
rich_blomquist	american television
andy_borowitz	american from
maria_mutch	canadian canadian novelists
marguerite_young	20th-century women
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
allan_sealy	indian from
petar_pjesivac	australian births
frédéric_marcelin	croatian novelists
hitonari_tsuji	japanese births
estela_canto	argentine women
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
es'kia_mphahlele	south african
cho_hae-il	south korean
don_novello	american male
martti_larni	finnish births
guy_de_maupassant	french french
mate_dolenc	slovenian from
carol_dunlop	canadian from
dinakara_desai	indian from
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
adam_kay_:writer	living births
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
norman_douglas	english of
florinda_donner	american from
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
robert_kaleski	australian births
cynthia_defelice	20th-century women novelists
garson_kanin	american male novelists
holly_smale	english of birth missing
peter_bradshaw	english births
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
mirza_adeeb	pakistani from
ian_mclachlan_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
david_barr_kirtley	american american novelists
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
fenton_johnson	american american
movlud_suleymanli	living people
michael_ende	german women
eduardo_gonzález_viaña	male novelists
pacho_o'donnell	argentine births
angela_slatter	australian women writers
christopher_nicole	20th-century women novelists
charles_perez	american from
ian_b.goldberg	american television birth
christopher_levett	english deaths
pete_brown_:writer	british of
borys_antonenko-davydovych	ukrainian deaths
robert_coates_:critic	american american novelists
betty_neels	20th-century women novelists
francisco_herrera_luque	20th-century novelists
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
hermann_goedsche	19th-century deaths
bob_andelman	american births
michelle_olley	english births
mickey_rose	american from
pero_budmani	serbian serbian
chuck_philips	american from
otar_chiladze	20th-century novelists
pranitha_dubba	american from
edward_litt_laman_blanchard	english deaths
geoffrey_atherden	australian of writers
carleton_mabee	american from
eugen_kumičić	croatian novelists
marie-sissi_labrèche	canadian canadian novelists
gertrude_barrows_bennett	american american fiction
grant_blackwood	american american novelists
daniel_hahn	british of
al-jahiz	people deaths
george_leonard	american from
emily_cox_:puzzle_writer	american of birth
danny_danko	american male
martiros_of_crimea	year of birth
gopala_chandra_praharaj	indian from
dawn_o'porter	british births
henry_herbert,_3rd_earl_of_carnarvon	english of
robert_f.young	american male novelists
gabriela_babnik	slovenian from
neil_innes	english births
enrique_larreta	argentine births
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
dennis_o'neil	american comics
r._g._de_s._wettimuny	theravada deaths
hovhannes_tumanyan	armenian armenian
nuala_woulfe	living people
robert_saladrigas	catalan people
dan_gillmor	american of
pyotr_gnedich	russian russian
abdulla_shaig	ukrainian writers
michael_herr	american from
cynthia_defelice	20th-century women novelists
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
antoni_maria_alcover_i_sureda	burmese births
giorgio_faletti	italian births
meredith_sue_willis	american women novelists
edward_robinson_:curator	american of
anna_seghers	german of
menis_koumandareas	20th-century novelists
adam_gollner	canadian of writers
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
frédéric_mistral	19th-century french
carlene_hatcher_polite	american women novelists
grace_paley	american american
dawn_powell	american american
pat_condell	english educated
hannah_lowe	british of
brad_falchuk	american television writers
milt_josefsberg	american television
alana_lowes	australian from
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
barbu_ștefănescu_delavrancea	romanian from
federico_hernández_de_león	guatemalan births
evadne_price	20th-century women writers
polonca_kovač	slovenian from
henriette_gislesen	norwegian norwegian
paul_rogers_:novelist	american from
ellenor_fenn	19th-century women writers
françois_weyergans	french births
akiva_schaffer	american male
hubert_harrison	american of
mazhar_abro	pakistani short
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
anja_štefan_:writer	slovenian women
evan_fallenberg	american american
barbara_hemphill	irish women
ian_mcfadyen	australian television
neal_brennan	american television
rachel_zadok	south african
alice_furlong	irish women
carl_phillips	american from
ally_condie	american women novelists
dave_stone	english births
antoine_bigot	19th-century french
elizabeth_stuckey-french	american from
david_x.cohen	american television
matt_k._lewis	american of
robert_bernstein_:comics	american comics
david_rambo	american television
brad_linaweaver	american american novelists
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
alessandro_piperno	italian births
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
nikolai_leykin	russian male
quim_monzó	spanish births
dorothy_m.cray	20th-century romantic fiction
eric_simonson	american male
mojca_kumerdej	slovenian women
hryhorii_epik	ukrainian of
robert_coates_:critic	american american novelists
margarete_kollisch	20th-century women
atrpet	armenian armenian
christian_tămaș	romanian births
mike_yaconelli	american deaths
ramsey_campbell	english english
frederick_rolfe	english short
david_j.bradley	american from
bruce_bawer	american from
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
ihsan_abdel_quddous	burmese births
robert_marasco	american male dramatists
dwight_macdonald	american from
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
monica_arac_de_nyeko	ugandan women
michael_seitzman	american births
bipin_chandran	indian male
ann_mortifee	canadian from
robert_r.reilly	american births
gennifer_choldenko	american women novelists
aaron_smith_:magician	american from
erik_orton	american from
aaron_paquette	canadian from
adolf_fierla	polish from
cathi_bond	canadian women novelists
adelaide_manning	english women writers
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
morgan_higby_night	american births
moshe_pearlman	israeli deaths
bart_kosko	american from
feodor_gladkov	russian male
dim_zupan	slovenian from
rick_rofihe	canadian canadian novelists
elie_wiesel	american american
richard_calder_:writer	21st-century short
ginette_mathiot	french deaths
cassie_stocks	canadian women novelists
rick_cleveland	american television writers
abed_elrahim_abu_zakrra	20th-century deaths
matthew_randazzo_v	american births
arkadiy_belinkov	russian writers
michel_bibaud	canadian canadian
robert_kirkman	american male
eleanor_farnes	place of birth missing
robert_satloff	american from
pai_hsien-yung	people people
cao_xueqin	iranian dynasty
amiri_baraka	american from
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
dana_johnson	american short
ben_yagoda	american from
mike_greenly	american births
mu_shiying	20th-century from
g.waldo_dunnington	american from
h.warner_munn	american american novelists
gore_vidal	american from
al_boasberg	american from
phiroz_mehta	people of
elsa_triolet	russian women
antonino_mango_di_casalgerardo	italian male
barbara_baynton	australian women
meredith_tax	american births
pai_hsien-yung	people people
emma_maria_pearson	english deaths
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
milan_kundera	20th-century births
dawn_powell	american american
martha_wells	american american novelists
gennifer_choldenko	american women novelists
pedro_montengón	valencian births
anatoly_serep	chuvash deaths
gardner_fox	american comics
massimo_citi	italian births
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
paul_griffiths_:director	living births
gorō_masaki	japanese births
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
max_apple	american male
allen_barnett_:writer	american from
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
pierre_morency	canadian from
mary_kingsley	19th-century deaths
penny_martin	alumni of
blanca_de_lizaur	mexican women
froma_harrop	american women
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
charles_whiting	20th-century deaths
martha_wells	american american novelists
p._d._james	english of
camilla_gibb	21st-century women novelists
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
robert_laxalt	american american novelists
hannah_more	english women
pearl_s._buck	american from
harriot_eaton_stanton_blatch	american from
arnold_drake	american comics
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
carl_otto_nordensvan	people births
david_horowitz	american from
mira_mihelič	slovenian from
rinki_bhattacharya	indian people
hamlet_bareh	indian from
mojca_kumerdej	slovenian women
henry_dumas	american from
adeline_sergeant	english women writers
abed_elrahim_abu_zakrra	20th-century deaths
alan_cheuse	american american short
maria_bellonci	italian births
maureen_howard	american american
alexandre_beljame	french deaths
menelaos_lountemis	20th-century novelists
meri_nana-ama_danquah	living people
dudu_aharon	israeli people
david_dalglish	american american novelists
brian_nankervis	australian television
rina_brundu	italian women writers
francisco_gregorio_billini	dominican republic
patti_kim_:writer	american women
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
margaret_potter	20th-century romantic novelists
dave_godfrey	canadian from
david_milch	american from
gwen_grant	english of
charles_hamilton_:writer	british of
bob_budiansky	american comics
conrad_rooks	american male
mulumba_ivan_matthias	ugandan women
claude_mckay	people people
pío_baroja	spanish births
robert_blees	american from
david_chase	american television
andy_lanning	year of birth
ann_parker_:writer	american of birth
midori_:author	american from
barry_took	english educated
diana_hart	canadian people
brenda_chapman_:writer	21st-century women novelists
nanae_aoyama	japanese births
orde_m._coombs	american from
fulgencio_argüelles	spanish births
muthoni_likimani	mexican women
carlos_noguera	venezuelan births
catherine_seipp	american from
nick_flynn	american male
charles_lockwood_:author	american births
petro_marko	albanian short
robert_l.fish	american american novelists
e.m.ashraf	indian from kerala
philippe_besson	21st-century from
rictor_norton	american from
diana_hart	canadian people
alex_shoumatoff	american from
patil_puttappa	indian births
george_dohrmann	american from
r._chudamani	20th-century women
matt_selman	american television writers
christine_craig	21st-century short
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
david_mourão-ferreira	19th-century births
guy_davenport	american american
gerald_ganglbauer	people of
ille_toktash	chuvash deaths
moze_mossanen	living people
peter_b._gillis	american from
ralph_chaplin	american deaths
gerry_finley-day	british of writers
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
patrick_aleph	american from
grace_randolph	american comics
françois-thomas-marie_de_baculard_d'arnaud	french french
patrick_califia	american from
giannina_braschi	american women
anabela_basalo	serbian of
günter_ruch	german male
brockton_mckinney	american american short
george_elliott_:canadian_writer	20th-century canadian novelists
margaret_potter	20th-century romantic novelists
bruce_marshall	people of
amy_peikoff	american from
andré_rouveyre	french deaths
carla_cassidy	american women novelists
quim_monzó	spanish births
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
nguyễn_ngọc_ngạn	canadian from
dennis_spooner	english births
andrei_strâmbeanu	moldovan writers
alessandro_piperno	italian births
demetrios_bernardakis	venezuelan births
erica_messer	american television writers
gustav_wied	male male
beth_schwartz	american television birth
navid_kermani	living births
mary_batten	american people
michael_lisicky	american from
george_monbiot	british of
mikhail_alekseyev_:writer	recipients of
alona_frankel	israeli women writers
clare_cavendish	year of birth missing
doon_arbus	american of
anita_pratap	indian women writers
carla_walschap	belgian from
benedict_kiely	irish irish
panje_mangesh_rao	indian writers
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
maria_valtorta	german births
robert_calvert	south african
christian_beranek	american from
maximilien_misson	french deaths
gavin_smith_:author	scottish from
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
alison_uttley	english births
natsuhiko_kyogoku	japanese births
erich_loest	german from
michel_bussi	french french
barbara_margaret_trimble	20th-century women novelists
pagu	brazilian women
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
mykola_kulish	ukrainian from
alain_dorémieux	french french
robert_costa_:journalist	american of
cherith_baldry	21st-century women novelists
george_wheeler_hinman	american from
mike_dash	british writers
michel_lawrence	living people
norman_hapgood	american from
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
diwakar_krushna_kelkar	malaysian births
perch_proshyan	armenian deaths
camilla_gibb	21st-century women novelists
george_malcher	british of
andrea_ashworth	english women
evan_fallenberg	american american
fabian_nicieza	living from
mildred_d._taylor	american children's
maung_htin	burmese births
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
david_rakoff	american american
mu_shiying	20th-century from
douglas_a.blackmon	american from
flannery_o'connor	american american
elisha_cooper	american of
gerald_reece	english of
guo_jingming	people births
randa_abdel-fattah	australian people
arnette_lamb	american women novelists
rajzel_żychlińsky	american american
bo_ma	living births
bettina_belitz	german women writers
edwin_granberry	american from
panteleimon_romanov	russian short
mitchell_burgess	american television writers
muhammad_husain_azad	indian from
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
catherine_corley_anderson	american women
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
hans_werner_richter	german of
michael_markowitz	american male
maria_zhukova	russian russian
daniel_tammet	english of
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
martin_mayer	american people writers
peter_stursberg	canadian of
heather_lewis_:writer	american american
daniel_handler	american male
george_moreby_acklom	british births
c.j.stevens	american american
greg_r.fishbone	american male
helen_kendrick_johnson	people deaths
chester_himes	american from
peter_weiss	german from
elizabeth_hawes_:author	year of birth
etta_federn	mexican women
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
radhika_herzberger	indian writers
nicolas_falacci	american television writers
charles_corm	dutch deaths
charles_steggall	english deaths
philippe-joseph_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
ahlam_mosteghanemi	people births
clifford_meth	american comics writers
charles_g.booth	american from
clarence_bass	saudi births
d.g.chichester	american comics
ellen_hinsey	american writers
per_ahlmark	swedish of
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
ethan_gilsdorf	american from
amanda_auchter	american women
oh_sangwon	south births
nick_crittenden_:writer	british of
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
michel_ocelot	french births
margaret_landon	american from
eleanor_coerr	canadian women writers
elizabeth_kent_:writer	people women writers
mike_penner	american from
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
r._t._kendall	canadian births
girija_keer	marathi-language births
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
peter_stanford	english births
matt_nix	american television writers
frank_decaro	american from
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
rajeev_nair	indian film
richard_bach	american from
norm_phelps	american from
richard_g.rosner	michael j. is is an american writer writer and and
paul_h._bruske	american deaths
arthur_nickson	19th-century births writers
grace_paley	american american
matthew_gavin_frank	american births
osman_güldemir	living people birth
dave_roman	year of birth
barry_w.blaustein	american male
richard_holloway	scottish of
muallim_naci	people deaths
robert_j.sawyer	canadian from
helen_pai	american television writers
claude_mckay	people people
giammaria_mazzucchelli	italian deaths
amy_sherman-palladino	american television writers
felice_picano	lgbt american
george_lockhart_:politician	people of
david_pogue	american from
nahoko_uehashi	japanese births
alexandre_astier	french male
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
edward_mccourt	canadian from
richard_montanari	american american novelists
felicia_skene	19th-century deaths
megan_boyle	living people
helio_vera	male births
herminio_portell_vilá	puerto deaths
claude_ollier	french french novelists
alex_beam	american of
henry_s.whitehead	american american short
matthew_kennedy_:author	american births
husna_ahmad	british of
frank_o'connor	irish deaths
montgomery_pittman	american from
clare_winger_harris	american american short
andrea_bajani	italian births
giammaria_mazzucchelli	italian deaths
marjorie_wallace_:sane	british of
chen_danyan	people women
michael_reaves	american american novelists
márcio-andré	brazilian births
mehmed_kapetanović	bosnia and herzegovina
marieke_hardy	australian births
brian_wood_:comics	american comics
diana_e.h.russell	south african
nikolay_karamzin	russian russian
chip_johannessen	american television writers
anakana_schofield	canadian women writers
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
mike_barker_:producer	american television writers
alexandr_aksakov	imperial russian
martín_solares	mexican women
dheeraj_rattan	indian film directors
maría_lejárraga	polish male
michael_i._wagner	american television
peter_ho_davies	british of
alf_prøysen	norwegian deaths
husna_ahmad	british of
dolores_alexander	american from
ernest_delahaye	french french
francis_webb_:writer	english english
neal_drinnan	australian short story
bob_bendetson	american television writers
george_mcwhirter	canadian from
michaela_angela_davis	american of
andrew_montford	british of birth
monika_van_paemel	belgian women
gary_david_goldberg	american television
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
michael_paul_mason	living people
anthony_armstrong_:writer	20th-century male
robert_boswell	american births
ng_yi-sheng	singaporean people
anton_rønneberg	norwegian norwegian
elisabeth_borchers	20th-century women
eileen_favorite	american births
clayton_matthews	american american novelists
bill_owen_:writer_and_announcer	american male
george_joseph_gustave_masson	english deaths
dorothy_ripley	english births
pavao_ritter_vitezović	people of
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
colin_harvey_:writer	british of novelists
graça_aranha	brazilian deaths
giddens_ko	people deaths
felix_c.gotschalk	american american novelists
andrei_bitov	russian male
claude_jeancolas	french births
marion_st_john_webb	english women
pat_caputo	american people
erich_loest	german from
francisco_azuela	mexican births
max_tau	german deaths
margery_latimer	american american novelists
edgar_cantero	spanish births
alaya_dawn_johnson	american women novelists
richard_reeves_:british_author	british people
andré_castelot	french male
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
dorothy_scarborough	american from
gillian_duffy_:editor	year of birth
pyotr_gnedich	russian russian
paco_ignacio_taibo_ii	mexican from
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
barbara_delinsky	21st-century women novelists
petre_popa	living people
george_anania	romanian novelists
paul_s._dunkin	american from
ian_rogers_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
dan_jurgens	american comics
armstrong_sperry	american from
acharya_chatursen_shastri	20th-century male
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
geoff_ryman	21st-century male novelists
bhalchandra_nemade	indian writers
henry_marie_brackenridge	american deaths
greg_bear	american american novelists
maria_isabel_barreno	20th-century women
r._k._narayan	indian from
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
andrés_useche	american births
dionis_bubani	albanian albanian
adolf_muschg	german from
connie_schultz	american from
bozorg_alavi	iranian births
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
michael_krüger_:writer	german women
andy_borowitz	american from
patrick_rothfuss	american american novelists
eudora_welty	american american
akram_aylisli	azerbaijani azerbaijani
beverly_cleary	american from
charlotte_maria_tucker	19th-century women writers
edward_maitland	english deaths
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
c.j.stevens	american american
edward_r.pease	english of
manish_vatsalya	manuel from is an an writer writer and
bryan_elsley	british births
heather_mcgowan	american women
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
georges_smal	belgian deaths
olufemi_terry	people leonean novelists
pat_mills	living comics
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
banine	azerbaijani from
meera_nanda	living women
gabriella_ambrosio	italian births
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
farhad_mazhar	bangladeshi of
alanda_kariza	indonesian births
richard_t._williamson	american people
philippe_vandevelde	living births
martin_hyun	living births
paul_dobransky	living people
olivier_weber	french french
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
mohammad_mokhtari_:writer	iranian from
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
ante_kovačić	people deaths
hala_misrati	australian births
brent_budowsky	american from
ian_brennan_:writer	american television
michael_ferguson_:director	british television
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
ricardo_miró	venezuelan deaths
mbongeni_ngema	south births
amiri_baraka	american from
nathan_filer	british births
mary_maclane	canadian women
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
brian_dunning_:author	american male
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
raffaele_la_capria	italian italian
catherine_mavrikakis	canadian canadian novelists
caroline_healey_dall	american american
estela_canto	argentine women
michael_costigan_:writer	australian births
emily_arnold_mccully	american from
a.s.king	21st-century women novelists
david_n.weiss	american from
devin_k.grayson	american comics
carl_fredrik_engelstad	dutch births
daniil_andreyev	russian male
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
béatrix_beck	20th-century women
benito_cereno_:writer	american of writers
octavio_paz	mexican women
abu_rushd	bangladeshi of
david_sweetman	20th-century from
raimund_hermann_siegfried_moltke	german deaths
barbara_wood	american women novelists
henry_jones_:writer	english births
george_henry_moore_:author	american from
netta_muskett	british women novelists
holley_rubinsky	canadian women novelists
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
alexander_roda_roda	austrian deaths
neal_shusterman	american american novelists
robert_j.burch	american american novelists
raphael_shore	canadian births
bhalchandra_nemade	indian writers
hemendra_kumar_roy	bengali writers
michael_shermer	american from
daniele_bolelli	american male
fyodor_berezin	people of
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
francesco_carotta	british births
amiri_baraka	american from
harry_browne	american from
d.scott_rogo	american births
humayun_kabir_dhali	bangladeshi people
božidar_novak	singaporean births
michael_collins_piper	american from
p._t._deutermann	american from
giulio_angioni	italian italian
dawn_powell	american american
maria_aurora_couto	indian women
alexis_wright	australian women
mikhail_samarsky	russian births
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
craig_rosebraugh	american births
bill_pronzini	american american novelists
elizabeth_wormeley_latimer	19th-century women
faolán_mac_an_ghabhann_na_scéal	people births
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
beatrice_harraden	english women
nancy_taylor_rosenberg	living people
bernard_kangro	estonian deaths
howard_gordon	american television
gabrielle_carey	australian from
hugo_blick	english male
eva_emery_dye	american american
igor_štiks	croatian novelists
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
paul_jessup_:writer	american american novelists
chad_harbach	american american
gegham_ter-karapetian	armenian deaths
amos_luzzatto	italian male
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
abdulla_shaig	ukrainian writers
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
mary_jo_foley	american bloggers
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
angela_bianchini	italian women
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
n_prabhakaran	20th-century male
george_elliott_:canadian_writer	20th-century canadian novelists
coral_lansbury	australian from
peter_kovačič_peršin	slovenian births
geneviève_brisac	french french
edmond_fleg	french french
dmitry_gordon	ukrainian births
henry_miller	american from
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
henri_queffélec	french male
marie_desplechin	french people
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
garth_ennis	new of
odd_eidem	norwegian births
paulus_melissus	german deaths
david_orton_:deep_ecology	canadian from
francis_marrash	ottoman deaths
bochō_yamamura	japanese births
pola_oloixarac	argentine births
greg_rucka	american from
earl_mindell	american from
drew_karpyshyn	dungeons from dragons
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
matt_reeves	american television
elizabeth_buchan	20th-century women novelists
bev_sellars	canadian women writers
n.m._mohan	indian writers
catherine_yronwode	american from
charles_gaines	american from
richard_levinson	american television
holley_rubinsky	canadian women novelists
asif_farrukhi	pakistani of
andreas_bruce	swedish births
bjarte_breiteig	norwegian births
martiros_of_crimea	year of birth
bradley_bell	american television
ernest_holmes	american from
doris_e.smith	20th-century women writers
neal_drinnan	australian short story
bimal_kar	bengali writers
rené_balcer	canadian from
michael_caulfield	australian people
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
paul_dini	american television writers
marguerite_henry	american women novelists
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
maude_robinson	maude deaths
alvin_toffler	american from
fredrik_skagen	norwegian women writers
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
friedrich_märker	german from
rex_stout	american from
george_woodcock	canadian from
heinrich_smidt	german births
grazia_deledda	italian women
cynthia_ozick	american american
qudrat_ullah_shahab	pakistani of
richard_d._ryder	british of
gerald_vizenor	american american
george_leonard	american from
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
pat_o'shea_:author	irish births
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
cvetka_bevc	slovenian from
diwakar_krushna_kelkar	malaysian births
p._n._oak	indian writers
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
hedda_zinner	german of
damon_lindelof	american television
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
andré-paul_duchâteau	belgian births
george_harmon_coxe	american american novelists
rebecca_walker	american women
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
charles_phillip_brown	indian writers
chris_maslanka	people of
richard_rubin_:writer	american from
adam_small_:writer	afrikaans-language of
rachel_manley	canadian women writers
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
charles_perez	american from
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
eliáš_galajda	people writers
eve_titus	american deaths
bill_oddie	english educated
harry_peyton_steger	american deaths
ephraim_chambers	people births
don_dagradi	american male
gore_vidal	american from
myriam_francois-cerrah	living people writers
maria_rosseels	belgian belgian
arno_surminski	german male
merch_bradt_stewart	american from
don_l.johnson	american from
alexander_stepanovich_yakovlev	russian male
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
norman_lear	american from
maxence_caron	french french
coleman_jacoby	american from
paul_theroux	american from
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
orde_m._coombs	american from
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
ann_marcus	american from
gurdial_singh	indian from
emanuilo_janković	serbian deaths
ellen_handler_spitz	american from
patricia_maclachlan	american from novelists
paco_ignacio_taibo_i	mexican from
bernard_kangro	estonian deaths
patrick_süskind	german women
francesco_scipione,_marchese_di_maffei	italian births
michael_o'donoghue	american male
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
barbara_euphan_todd	english deaths
frank_doyle_:writer	people births
rené_belletto	french french
paul_dini	american television writers
antonio_galdo	italian births
aijaz_ahmad_mangi	pakistani births
c.j.henderson	american male
brian_wood_:comics	american comics
colin_clark_:filmmaker	english of
anatoly_kasheida	ukrainian from
michael_krogmann	american people
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
cherith_baldry	21st-century women novelists
billy_hayes_:writer	american births
ameen_rihani	american american
moze_mossanen	living people
german_sadulaev	russian male
nigel_nicolson	people of
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
robert_musil	20th-century women
betty_ren_wright	american women novelists
benjamin_taylor_:author	american university
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
edmund_wilson	american from
dean_lorey	american television
michael_paterniti	american of birth
evan_wright	american from
dorothy_kilner	19th-century women writers
emma_marris	american women writers
alex_leslie	21st-century women novelists
donald_goines	american from
a.r.krishnashastry	indian from
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
ralph_andrews_barry	american from
paul_marsden	british of
adel_karasholi	german births
henry_clay_lewis	american from
al-jahiz	people deaths
gary_victor	haitian dramatists
eliza_robertson	21st-century women short
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
mike_resnick	american american novelists
matt_k._lewis	american of
eriks_ādamsons	20th-century deaths
michael_yon	american from
david_sweetman	20th-century from
cuthbert_hamilton-ellis	people deaths
andy_borowitz	american from
peter_townend_:novelist	english births novelists
disappearance_of_susan_walsh	american male
edward_l.youmans	american from
heather_graham_pozzessere	american women novelists
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
nick_towne	american television writers
mark_salzman	american from
greg_cox_:writer	american american novelists
paul_di_filippo	american american short
michael_nugent	irish people
mykhailo_yalovy	ukrainian deaths
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
francesco_carotta	british births
peter_kosminsky	english male
eula_biss	american university
richie_webb	english of
béatrix_beck	20th-century women
george_harmon_coxe	american american novelists
peter_dubé	canadian male novelists
ayi_kwei_armah	american people
raghab_bandyopadhyay	living people
mehmed_uzun	turkish births
mark_budz	american american novelists
maria_elizabetha_jacson	19th-century women writers
christopher_dow_:author	american male
ngan_xuyen	spanish births
dahlia_lithwick	canadian of birth
michel_vinaver	french french
corlia_fourie	south births
neil_smith_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
frederick_rolfe	english short
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
brian_azzarello	american comics
paul_tough	canadian people
marie_desplechin	french people
eduard_limonov	russian male
peter_altenberg	austrian deaths
colin_j.gillespie	australian from
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
archibald_gracie_iv	american from
helene_hanff	american women
glenn_ficarra	american of birth
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
paul_hiebert_:writer	canadian from
anna_goldsworthy	australian from
matija_divković	bosnia and herzegovina
naomi_novik	american american novelists
fredrik_bajer	people deaths
patricia_bernard	21st-century women writers
margaret_bennett_:writer	21st-century of
charles_fox_:jazz_critic	english births
dwivedula_visalakshi	indian writers
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
henry_naylor	english male
philippe_de_commines	french male
mathilde_schjøtt	norwegian norwegian
maynah_lewis	20th-century romantic novelists
george_elliott_:canadian_writer	20th-century canadian novelists
mike_carey_:writer	english of
alden_jones	american from
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
nancy_garden	21st-century women writers
robert_rimmer	american from
betty_friedan	american american
duncan_barrett	english educated
dave_dameshek	american from
charles_moseley_:writer	people of
märta_tikkanen	swedish writers
franz_fühmann	german german
david_charles_manners	british writers
betty_roland	australian women
d.harlan_wilson	american american short
nina_berberova	russian russian
boris_pahor	people of
mary_francis_shura	american women novelists
piero_chiara	people births
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
neil_smith_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
grant_faulkner	american of writers
arun_krishnan	indian writers is
marguerite_steen	people births
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
ching_he_huang	british of
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
barton_paul_levenson	american american short
michael_moorcock	english science
edward_maitland	english deaths
c.v.sreeraman	indian male
alethea_kontis	american women novelists
christy_brown	irish deaths
henriette_de_coligny_de_la_suze	french births
anne_hopkins_aitken	american from
arnold_zweig	german of
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
bartho_smit	people deaths
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
martin_lings	english of
carol_lee_flinders	american from
ellen_hollond	19th-century women writers
bill_lee_:author	american from
constance_laux	american of novelists
marcia_wilbur	marc j. is is an writer writer and and
alessandro_piperno	italian births
michel_onfray	french french
elsa_triolet	russian women
rabina_khan	british of
rajiva_wijesinha	south of
adam_hamdy	english births
alberto_de_noronha	indian from
fiona_fox_:press_officer	people of
chandramathi	indian indian
darnell_l.moore	american of
henry_liu	20th-century from
han_moo-sook	south births
cynthia_defelice	20th-century women novelists
hans_werner_richter	german of
betty_roland	australian women
david_whitaker_:screenwriter	english births
martin_van_beynen	21st-century from
michael_a._burstein	american american short
dorothy_macardle	irish deaths
eoin_mcnamee	australian from
feardorcha_ó_conaill	irish deaths
brian_leung_:author	american of
nancy_cato	20th-century women
brigitte_kronauer	german women writers
charmaine_cadeau	21st-century canadian novelists
michelle_mclean	living universe
denise_robertson	english of
farhad_mazhar	bangladeshi of
edward_kay_:writer	canadian from
paul-jacques_bonzon	french french writers
patti_kim_:writer	american women
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
mary_turzillo	21st-century american novelists
hovhannes_tumanyan	armenian armenian
dino_stamatopoulos	american television
menis_koumandareas	20th-century novelists
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
hanan_qassab_hassan	syrian of
pearl_s._buck	american from
alix_kates_shulman	21st-century women novelists
paul_castiglia	american comics
anil_ghorai	indian from
matthias_politycki	german women
gary_indiana	american of
herman_pieter_de_boer	dutch deaths
mildred_noble	american women
alexis_de_veaux	american american
philippe_de_chérisey	people deaths
amy_wright_:writer	american women
park_wansuh	south korean
anna_godbersen	american from
david_a.moss	american from
margot_bennett_:writer	20th-century women fiction
andrés_useche	american births
montague_haltrecht	english from
derek_clendening	canadian from
ray_kolle	australian of birth
dennis_eichhorn	american from
friedrich_huch	german deaths
monique_watteau	20th-century women writers
maria_corsini	italian births
angel_kyodo_williams	american women
richard_newman_:broadcaster	lgbt male
ed_solomon	american television
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
elizabeth_royte	21st-century women writers
artashes_kalantarian	armenian deaths
delia_grigore	romanian from
bernadette_hall	new zealand novelists
arturo_jauretche	argentine essayists
grace_randolph	american comics
miguel_syjuco	living people
david_icke	english of
gerald_vizenor	american american
arthur_j.burks	american from
mary_maccarthy	20th-century women novelists
bernard_maclaverty	scottish of
rachel_kushner	21st-century american novelists
andrus_kivirähk	venezuelan deaths
marty_feldman	english male
delwar_hussain	alumni of
mary_butts	english women
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
d.harlan_wilson	american american short
graham_hurley	english of writers
christopher_levett	english deaths
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
chris_stedman	american from
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
gerry_finley-day	british of writers
maria_lima	american women novelists
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
dan_vebber	american television writers
danton_remoto	filipino births
daniel_way	american comics
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
alexandru_hâjdeu	russian births
nell_dixon	women of fiction
ritam_chowdhury	living people
rawi_hage	canadian women
paul_groussac	french deaths
mateo_morrison	dominican of
peter_brimelow	american from
carrie_snyder	canadian women novelists
heidi_w.durrow	american american
arturo_jauretche	argentine essayists
harriette_campbell	19th-century women
mark_shand	people of
dušan_čater	slovenian from
diana_atkinson	canadian women novelists
hartmut_abendschein	german births
gillian_mears	australian australian
françois_leperlier	french births
philippe_camus_:writer	french births
claude_aveline	french french
robert_antoni	american from
géza_gárdonyi	chilean deaths
penelope_fletcher	21st-century women writers
daphne_clair	20th-century women novelists
obert_skye	american of birth
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
mervyn_peake	english from
meghan_o'rourke	american women
eustace_budgell	english deaths
angel_kyodo_williams	american women
don_dagradi	american male
rafael_sabatini	english births
gerry_davis_:screenwriter	british births
brian_keenan_:writer	people of
fulvio_tomizza	italian italian
maxim_februari	japanese births
rebecca_greer	american women
alissa_york	canadian women novelists
fulgencio_argüelles	spanish births
donald_barr_chidsey	american from
matt_kindt	american comics
nick_mcdonell	american male
consuelo_de_sánchez_latour	20th-century women
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
henry_miller	american from
mikihiko_renjō	japanese japanese
alethea_kontis	american women novelists
evelyne_lallemand	french women writers
michael_dibdin	british of
phil_klay	american from
arnold_arre	filipino births
andrés_del_corral	people births
philip_e._tetlock	canadian of
allan_sealy	indian from
richard_c._meredith	american american short
mary_grannan	canadian women novelists
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
cao_xueqin	iranian dynasty
george_madden_martin	american women novelists
carlos_ruiz-tagle	chilean deaths
andrea_jutson	21st-century women novelists
pierre_decourcelle	french french
denys_colomb_de_daunant	french births
hagar_wilde	american american novelists
alec_robertson_:music_critic	british of
gary_kinder_:author	american from
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
michael_jackson_:writer	english educated
baltasar_lopes_da_silva	cape verdean
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
mary_skrenes	american comics
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
miklós_vámos	hungarian from
david_armand_:author	american male
gerhard_dengler	german from
hans_werner_richter	german of
dagon_taya	burmese births
angelina_acuña	20th-century women
carrie_kemper	american television birth
mo_willems	american from
harvey_broadbent	australian from
alexander_stepanovich_yakovlev	russian male
edith_pattou	american women novelists
qiu_jin	people births
gary_north_:journalist	american of
meghan_o'rourke	american women
alden_r.hatch	american from
erich_ebermayer	german male
mohamed_adel_abdelaziz	egyptian people
elizabeth_enright	american from
dave_jeser	american television writers
mary_lavin	irish women
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
miles_franklin	20th-century women writers
anna-leena_härkönen	20th-century women
mitch_silpa	american male
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
allan_sherman	american from
richard_euringer	german male
bob_haney	american age
michael_banim	irish deaths
gen_urobuchi	japanese births
erik_oleson	american television writers
patricia_wrede	21st-century women novelists
alan_j.porter	english of
gay_caswell	syrian of is
charles-jean-françois_hénault	french deaths
eric_rohmann	american from
elsa_bernstein	20th-century concentration
david_wolstencroft	british of
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
richard_gwyn_:welsh_writer	british writers
alona_frankel	israeli women writers
carlos_yushimito	peruvian short
nay_win_myint	burmese writers
arandzar	ottoman deaths
andri_snær_magnason	people births
darryl_ponicsan	american american novelists
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
david_malouf	australian short
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
begum_rokeya	20th-century from
amarkant	indian writers
ethel_m.dell	english deaths writers
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
mercy_otis_warren	american american
mark_hudis	american television writers
enrique_geenzier	venezuelan deaths
david_whitaker_:screenwriter	english births
gaston_de_pawlowski	french french
ahmet_zappa	american male
howard_norman	american of
paula_broadwell	american from
maria_teresa_maia_gonzalez	living women
catherine_spencer	year women novelists
gerard_stembridge	irish of
rita_clay_estrada	21st-century women novelists
g.s.amur	indian from
eva_strittmatter	german women writers
colum_mccann	american from
herbert_kenwith	american births
robert_faesi	swiss births
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
conrad_aiken	american american
rian_johnson	american television
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
pavan_choudary	living people
raghunath_choudhary	asom from
miklós_haraszti	slovenian births
david_armand_:author	american male
colin_beavan	american births
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
p._d._james	english of
anna_sheehan	21st-century women novelists
asrul_sani	indonesian births
margaret_maddocks	20th-century women novelists
ann_mortifee	canadian from
christopher_levett	english deaths
aníbal_cristobo	argentine women
elspeth_cameron	canadian from
carla_lane	english from
ali_smith	20th-century of
francis_seow	singaporean of
annejet_van_der_zijl	20th-century women writers
hava_volovich	russian writers
michio_takeyama	japanese japanese
michael_o'donoghue	american male
bill_bauer_:poet	canadian from
patricia_wrede	21st-century women novelists
amitava_kumar	american from
andrej_blatnik	slovenian from
avram_davidson	american american novelists
rita_mae_brown	american american
howard_norman	american of
alberto_de_meneses_rodrigues	indian from
beb_vuyk	20th-century women writers
david_leavitt	american american
deb_lacusta	american television writers
alain_jouffroy	french french
adolfo_bioy_casares	argentine births
adriana_lisboa	brazilian women
markar_melkonian	american people
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
alison_joseph	21st-century women novelists
richard_calder_:writer	21st-century short
alberto_barrera_tyszka	croatian novelists
dmitry_grigorovich	russian russian
peter_nowalk	american from
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
hartzell_spence	american american
betim_muço	albanian albanian
myles_wilder	american television
benjamin_zephaniah	english births
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
catherynne_m.valente	21st-century american novelists
connie_martinson	american from
farah_ghuznavi	year of is
charles_mudede	american from
grigory_baklanov	russian short
panagiotis_kondylis	20th-century writers
reinhold_weege	american television
evan_reilly	american television writers
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
brad_linaweaver	american american novelists
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
fred_hando	scottish deaths
harlan_greene	american american
norman_franks	people births
margaret_mazzantini	italian births
david_d.levine	american science short
arthur_c.clarke	english from
brandon_mull	american of
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
afdhere_jama	american from
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
nat_nwe	burmese from
barbara_love	american women writers
alona_frankel	israeli women writers
brian_dunning_:author	american male
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
dan_flores	american from
barbara_cooney	american from
andy_merrill	american male
rafael_hertzberg	19th-century deaths
mark_hudis	american television writers
anton_funtek	slovenian from
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
miguel_donoso_pareja	brazilian deaths
may_theilgaard_watts	american women
natsuhiko_kyogoku	japanese births
branko_gradišnik	slovenian from
barry_took	english educated
pryse_lockhart_gordon	british of
olivier_weber	french french
charles_bock	american from
charles_phillip_brown	indian writers
patrick_clarke	american from
alan_sillitoe	english short
alexander_roda_roda	austrian deaths
albert_dorrington	20th-century births
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
agneta_horn	swedish women
andrei_vartic	moldovan writers
paula_cwikly	american television writers
erin_foster	american from
rebecca_walker	american women
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
amber_benson	american women writers
margaret_maddocks	20th-century women novelists
dorothy_allison	american women
david_a.goodman	american television writers
micha_josef_berdyczewski	russian writers
enid_blyton	20th-century women novelists
marguerite_henry	american women novelists
giannina_braschi	american women
pierre_bettencourt	french deaths
phillip_hoose	american from
constantin_stamati	people from
michael_stemmle	living game
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
georges_polti	french deaths
alenka_goljevšček	slovenian from
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
richard_reeves_:american_writer	american people
henry_bérenger	people deaths
frederick_rolfe	english short
angela_bianchini	italian women
atiq_rahimi	french births
eva_strittmatter	german women writers
angelina_acuña	20th-century women
colin_beavan	american births
brad_gooch	american from
richard_appignanesi	canadian canadian
diane_fanning	american of novelists
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
anne_flournoy	american film
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
františek_sláma_:politician	finnish births
eudora_welty	american american
g.willow_wilson	american american novelists
richard_cobbold	english deaths
beverley_nambozo	21st-century women
baburao_bagul	marathi-language deaths
michelle_herman	living births writers
gokulchandra_nag	bengali deaths
ernst_heilborn	german german
florence_parry_heide	american from
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
mary_ward_brown	american deaths
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
boris_savinkov	russian writers
athénaïs_michelet	french women
michael_aitkens	english male
anthony_sampson	english of
henry_lawson	australian women
richard_n._goodwin	american people
deborah_eisenberg	american from
enrique_dussel	argentine from
philip_r._craig	american american novelists
charles_lamb	english births
george_tofan	romanian from
chandler_owen	american deaths
rené_boylesve	french deaths
darya_dontsova	russian births
doug_worgul	american of
raymond_mortimer	people of
rajzel_żychlińsky	american american
peter_laird	american comics
francesco_falconi	italian births
rachel_qitsualik-tinsley	canadian women writers
amos_oz	israeli novelists
anne_bragance	21st-century women writers
dan_shaughnessy	american from
bhoopal_reddy	year of birth
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
nigel_collins	year of birth
gerald_o'carroll	british of birth
richard_baker_:theologian	english deaths
michael_banim	irish deaths
nathan_birnbaum	austrian deaths
hortensia_blanch_pita	mexican women writers
ben_stein	american male
charlotte_lady_blennerhassett	german women
aluri_chakrapani	telugu births
belo_cipriani	american american
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
parke_godwin	american american short
raja_dhale	dalit writers
nigel_slater	english births
charles_mudede	american from
adam_karrillon	german german
mary_de_morgan	19th-century women
dave_erickson	american television writers
amanda_minnie_douglas	american american
eugene_schoulgin	norwegian births
mark_aldanov	russian male
maximilian_böttcher	german deaths
david_mcsavage	british of
arnold_zweig	german of
marita_bonner	american american
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
petraq_zoto	20th-century short
ian_ridpath	people of
richard_rive	20th-century african
maung_htin	burmese births
robert_lopez_:writer	american people writers
pat_jordan_:author	american braves
carla_lane	english from
beatrice_burton	20th-century women novelists
greye_la_spina	american american short
elizabeth_humphreys_penrose	american american novelists
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
robert_rosen_:writer	american people
buck_peterson	american of birth
indra_bahadur_rai	people births
hrvoje_hitrec	croatian novelists
martha_blum	canadian women
guillaume_bigot	french births
ian_mclachlan_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
daniil_mordovtsev	russian russian
harry_bernstein	american from
richard_hakluyt	english deaths
peter_stone	american from
paola_corso	21st-century american writers
méryl_marchetti	living births
arnold_m.auerbach	american television
carlos_méndez_villalobos	mexican births
enrique_geenzier	venezuelan deaths
rift_fournier	american television
merch_bradt_stewart	american from
mehrunnisa_parvez	indian women
djuna_barnes	american american
flora_annie_steel	19th-century short
barbara_bloom	american television writers
charles_newman_:author	american from
paul_dickson	american from
carlo_emilio_gadda	italian italian
nancy_cato	20th-century women
mohinder_pratap_chand	indian from
barbara_dawson_smith	21st-century women writers
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
mena_calthorpe	australian women
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
rassundari_devi	bengali writers
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
natasha_walter	living births
giovanni_antonio_palazzo	year of death
abdallah_marrash	people of
elna_baker	american from
penni_russon	australian children's
greg_garrett_:writer	american of
florin_pavlovici	romanian births
mohamed_driss	british of
angela_kang	american television writers
andrew_berardini	american from
nirmal_verma	indian from
antonio_skármeta	chilean jews
edward_mcwade	american male
ephraim_chambers	people births
ping_lu	21st-century women
david_zindell	american american novelists
marisha_pessl	21st-century american novelists
robert_faesi	swiss births
gene_hong	american television writers
edward_mcwade	american male
d.harlan_wilson	american american short
franz_kafka	austrian births
markus_zusak	australian from
mark_budz	american american novelists
mildred_ames	american women novelists
gordon_snell	english of writers
holley_rubinsky	canadian women novelists
a.sheriff	indian births
alex_flinn	american women novelists
angie_abdou	21st-century canadian novelists
dimbeswar_neog	asom from
mikihiko_renjō	japanese japanese
alexandra_sellers	american of birth
erika_cheetham	english deaths
may_theilgaard_watts	american women
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
graham_hurley	english of writers
elizabeth_burgoyne_corbett	19th-century deaths
arnulfo_trejo	american american
marie-anne_de_roumier-robert	french women writers
mulk_raj_anand	indian of
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
matthew_weiner	american television
patrick_white	australian short
p._balachandran	indian male
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
antoine_rédier	french male
cary_lu	american births
darya_dontsova	russian births
christina_hardyment	british births
g.a.natesan	20th-century from
marlena_spieler	living people
anand_mahadevan	canadian from
gyles_brandreth	english of
michèle_mailhot	canadian canadian novelists
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
ahlam_mosteghanemi	people births
anna_jansson	swedish women
noel_loomis	american from
christian_cooper	american of birth
pagu	brazilian women
emil_filipčič	slovenian from
alexandre_astier	french male
paul_s._dunkin	american from
ferdo_godina	slovenian births
murray_boltinoff	american comics
paul_collins_:musician	american births
banarsidas_chaturvedi	indian writers
alice_pung	people births
ian_rankin	british of
amalie_benjamin	american from
mark_millar	british of
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
clifford_bax	english from
peter_bergman_:comedian	american from
ina_boudier-bakker	20th-century dutch
augusten_burroughs	lgbt from
charles_whiting	20th-century deaths
max_allan_collins	american american novelists
margaret_bennett_:writer	21st-century of
mary_berry	english educated
rex_stout	american from
nancy_phelan	20th-century women
mary_mapes_dodge	american women
park_taesun	living births
darrell_schweitzer	american american short
miervaldis_birze	people deaths
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
maria_jacquemetton	american television writers
hank_kanalz	american of birth
gillian_mears	australian australian
d.g.chichester	american comics
e.haldeman-julius	chilean deaths
norman_douglas	english of
carole_hayman	english of writers
ratnakar_matkari	indian film
hugo_raes	belgian belgian
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
nathan_thrall	american from
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
félix_evaristo_mejía	dominican republic
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
mickey_rose	american from
n._s._madhavan	indian male
agata_tuszyńska	people deaths
gyles_brandreth	english of
norman_rush	american american novelists
catherynne_m.valente	21st-century american novelists
hans_beimler_:screenwriter	american television writers
philippe_soupault	french french
minna_antrim	people deaths
guido_piovene	italian italian
allison_silberberg	american women writers
noo_saro-wiwa	british of
peter_sotos	american people
armand_lunel	french french
n._s._madhavan	indian male
matthew_randazzo_v	american births
alaa_al_aswany	indonesian births
david_a.goodman	american television writers
florjan_lipuš	slovenian from
hilary_corke	english of
n._khelchandra_singh	indian from
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
mercedes_carvajal_de_arocha	chilean deaths
nat_perrin	american from
himani_bannerji	canadian of
deborah_eisenberg	american from
raziel_reid	canadian from
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
hovhannes_setian	armenian deaths
chris_langham	english male
azariah_southworth	american from
rian_johnson	american television
michael_collins_piper	american from
greye_la_spina	american american short
anthony_swofford	american from
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
elizabeth_stuckey-french	american from
andrew_ostrowski	american male
masti_venkatesha_iyengar	indian writers
clifford_lindsey_alderman	american american novelists
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
rick_remender	american comics
david_rakoff	american american
nina_george	german women
chris_maslanka	people of
constantin_göttfert	people births
mahmood_farooqui	malaysian writers is
grace_lin	american women writers
bartolomé_pou	spanish deaths
anand_teltumbde	indian male
george_harmon_coxe	american american novelists
carol_bishop-gwyn	canadian women
polyclès_langlois	19th-century deaths
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
pat_rosier	new zealand
cea_sunrise_person	canadian from
matt_zurbo	living of birth
chito_s.roño	belgian film
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
alix_bosco	new zealand writers
pietro_di_donato	american from
ayu_utami	indonesian writers
ellenor_fenn	19th-century women writers
nicolas_chamfort	19th-century french
chloë_leland	british of birth
eva_norvind	norwegian women
peter_d._sieruta	american from
alexandru_bantoș	moldovan writers
c.h.sisson	english of
evelyn_waugh	english of
rené_marqués	puerto rican
märta_helena_reenstierna	swedish swedish
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
petina_gappah	australian women
rajiv_rai	indian film
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
bjørnstjerne_bjørnson	norwegian norwegian
dilman_dila	ugandan women
elisabeth_borchers	20th-century women
anne_douglas_sedgwick	20th-century women writers
brian_fawcett	canadian canadian
birendra_kumar_bhattacharya	indian from
otto_tausig	austrian male
hannah_more	english women
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
chris_langham	english male
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
reşat_ekrem_koçu	turkish deaths
mark_o'donnell	american from
heinz_politzer	american jews
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
marie_majerová	20th-century novelists
raphael_shore	canadian births
graham_hancock	british writers
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
aaron_smith_:magician	american from
harry_sinclair_drago	american from
eleanor_coerr	canadian women writers
raghunath_choudhary	asom from
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
anita_nair	20th-century indian
birgitta_trotzig	swedish from
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
ashwin_sanghi	indian women
bruce_bawer	american from
aqeel_abbas_jafari	pakistani births
gore_vidal	american from
don_bosco_:author	south births
charles_exbrayat	20th-century french novelists
apostolos_doxiadis	greek births
clarisse_bader	people births
meletius_smotrytsky	polish deaths
grace_paley	american american
dorothy_carrington	people of
mary_kingsley	19th-century deaths
david_armand_:author	american male
patricia_wrightson	australian women
brian_aldiss	english from
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
aravind_adiga	20th-century births
andrea_ashworth	english women
philip_pullman	english of
chandrakant_keni	indian writers
george_malcher	british of
han_sorya	20th-century births
harriet_elizabeth_prescott_spofford	american american
derenik_demirchian	armenian armenian
anup_singh_choudry	bangladeshi of
arjun_basu	canadian canadian novelists
fabio_volo	italian births
peter_altenberg	austrian deaths
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
martin_mayer	american people writers
d.harlan_wilson	american american short
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
anna_radius_zuccari	italian births
dwayne_mcduffie	american comics
c.k.stead	new zealand
nick_toczek	british of
nikolay_breshko-breshkovsky	russian russian
gerard_stembridge	irish of
phyllis_reynolds_naylor	american from novelists
pilín_león	living births
evgenia_tur	russian short
elsa_joubert	south african
mary_kennedy	irish births
reginald_hudlin	american film
masti_venkatesha_iyengar	indian writers
chaman_nahal	indian from
p._j._wolfson	american from
george_macovescu	romanian from
frank_launder	english births
aranka_siegal	american women
michael_reaves	american american novelists
mike_benson_:screenwriter	american television writers
ann_c.crispin	american women novelists
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
helen_o'clery	irish women writers
anil_ghorai	indian from
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
elin_wägner	swedish women
maria_bellonci	italian births
fred_bridgland	british of
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
devin_k.grayson	american comics
arthur_drews	german deaths
ezra_jack_keats	american of
arthur_dimmock	people births
barry_chamish	canadian from
chris_mannix	american deaths
ramanlal_soni	people deaths
richard_goodman_:writer	american from
mercer_mayer	american from
richard_crasta	american male
david_whitley	people of
reiko_shimizu	living people
heda_margolius_kovály	20th-century women
chintha_lakshmi_sinhaarachchi	sri lankan
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
ian_penman	british births
richard_brightfield	living children's
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
mark_forsyth	english births
patrick_mchale_:artist	american male
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
patricia_wrightson	australian women
edward_litt_laman_blanchard	english deaths
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
felice_picano	lgbt american
philippe_claudel	french births
evgenia_tur	russian short
mons_lie_:writer	20th-century short
helena_cobban	british of
mark_budz	american american novelists
helen_corke	20th-century women
alois_hotschnig	20th-century short
georges_belmont	french french
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
berta_golob	slovenian births
brian_lumley	english english
philippe_besson	21st-century from
doron_medalie	israeli people
guy_lyon_playfair	english births
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
george_woodcock	canadian from
christianna_brand	20th-century women novelists
frank_o'connor	irish deaths
natalie_minardi_slater	american television writers
richard_c._meredith	american american short
cynthia_enloe	21st-century women writers
amos_tutuola	20th-century births
aleksey_chapygin	russian short
dave_dameshek	american from
ameer_idreis	canadian canadian novelists
peter_tieryas	american births
amina_adil	burmese deaths
hrishikesh_sulabh	indian male
eric_talbot	american comics writers
charles_gaines	american from
elizabeth_lyle_saxon	american deaths
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
meredith_averill	american television
ian_macpherson_:comedian	irish births
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
antonio_muñoz_molina	spanish births
may_byron	english women
geoff_dyer	english of
bernie_west	american from
peter_bergman_:comedian	american from
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
rachel_zadok	south african
fred_stenson_:writer	canadian from
breyten_breytenbach	south african
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
dan_chaon	american american novelists
greg_daniels	american television
gerlind_reinshagen	german women
gregg_easterbrook	american from
david_williams_:author	american of birth
francesco_scipione,_marchese_di_maffei	italian births
francesco_saverio_salfi	italian births
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
gary_victor	haitian dramatists
brian_sibley	english births
antoine_bigot	19th-century french
antónio_aurélio_gonçalves	cape verdean
muhammad_husain_azad	indian from
franz_fühmann	german german
chris_kraus_:american_writer	american from
pie_corbett	living people
anthony_armstrong_:writer	20th-century male
deborah_kimmett	21st-century women novelists
raghab_bandyopadhyay	living people
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
penelope_fletcher	21st-century women writers
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
geneviève_brisac	french french
abrar_alvi	indian film directors
alison_hume	year women writers
geneviève_billette	canadian canadian novelists
anakana_schofield	canadian women writers
paul_hiebert_:writer	canadian from
ram_sarup_ankhi	indian from
guido_monte	italian male
francis_trevelyan_miller	american births
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
otto_eis	austrian deaths
piers_brendon	british of
cynthia_enloe	21st-century women writers
dimbeswar_neog	asom from
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
phyllis_chesler	american from
rob_roberge	year of birth
asim_mahmood	pakistani births
djuna_barnes	american american
marie_desplechin	french people
anar_rzayev	azerbaijani azerbaijani
dalton_delan	american television
b.s.mardhekar	indian from
dale_smith_:writer	english male
alyson_richman	american of novelists
a.igoni_barrett	21st-century short
giannis_agouris	turkish births
giles_milton	british of writers
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
michael_ruppert	american from
gregg_easterbrook	american from
fernando_gonçalves_namora	people births
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
patrick_white	australian short
emily_cox_:puzzle_writer	american of birth
andrew_kreisberg	american television
carl_potts	american comics
richard_shelton_:writer	american from
richard_steele	19th-century of
balduin_möllhausen	german deaths
claudio_sanchez	american births
aurelio_espinosa_pólit	20th-century novelists
mirko_javornik	slovenian from
anica_savić_rebac	serbian deaths
christopher_dow_:author	american male
abdul_muis	2nd-century births
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
gayl_jones	20th-century women
christopher_fowler	english births
rajnarayan_basu	bengali writers
maynah_lewis	20th-century romantic novelists
carlos_labbé	chilean births
aida_gonzález	20th-century women writers
robert_kirkman	american male
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
patric_verrone	american from
barbara_leonie_picard	20th-century women writers
nathan_shaham	israeli novelists
ratnakar_matkari	indian film
brian_cleeve	irish from
anne_devlin_:writer	people of writers
hans_beimler_:screenwriter	american television writers
henry_herbert,_3rd_earl_of_carnarvon	english of
hermann_goedsche	19th-century deaths
mustafa_akyol	iranian people
corlia_fourie	south births
florence_caddy	people births
francine_noël	canadian women novelists
bret_hart	canadian from
pavao_posilović	bosnia and herzegovina
martyn_skinner	people births
alan_wellikoff	american of birth
bertram_brooker	canadian from
carolyn_males	american women novelists
franca_treur	dutch dutch
robert_fisk	people of
c.k.stead	new zealand
michel_ocelot	french births
dudu_aharon	israeli people
miles_cain	year of
nick_stone_:author	21st-century people
niko_nikoladze	ecuadorian novelists
paul_bellini	canadian from
richard_hooker_:author	american from
margaret_maron	american women novelists
paul_merton	english male
eilif_straume	norwegian norwegian
nathan_fielder	canadian from
emanuilo_janković	serbian deaths
erica_basnicki	canadian from
flannery_o'connor	american american
bernard_marshall	american from
eliza_sproat_turner	american american
etienne_leroux	south deaths
carlo_collodi	italian italian
morris_lurie	australian australian
greg_kasavin	american from
carol_barbee	american television writers
paul_s._newman	american comics
gyan_chand_jain	recipients writers
dick_clement	english educated
arthur_frommer	american from
frank_o'hara	american from
gertrude_bell	english of
eiki_matayoshi	japanese births
milan_mirić	croatian novelists
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
nikolai_uspensky	russian russian
mary_hoffman	21st-century women novelists
raziel_reid	canadian from
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
giorgio_pressburger	italian male
henri_queffélec	french male
mark_shand	people of
bertram_brooker	canadian from
ngan_xuyen	spanish births
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
constancio_c.vigil	argentine births
radoslav_pavlović	living people
martin_hyun	living births
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
nileena_abraham	indian from
dorit_rabinyan	israeli novelists
hamid_tamjidi	iranian births
daniel_sinapius-horčička	slovak births
pu_songling	iranian from
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
navid_moazzez	living births
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
melesina_trench	irish women
flora_annie_steel	19th-century short
alexandre_beljame	french deaths
david_zindell	american american novelists
norm_phelps	american from
david_weir_:writer	british births
adolfo_costa_du_rels	german male
radovan_brenkus	living people
maria_corsini	italian births
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
matthew_yglesias	american people
nene_gare	australian women
hedda_zinner	german of
mustafa_akyol	iranian people
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
p.k._parameswaran_nair	people deaths
elizabeth_sims	21st-century women novelists
dick_king-smith	english of
bruno_fuligni	french male
peter_gibson_:writer	american male
alejandro_pérez_lugín	spanish male
olha_kobylianska	ukrainian from
mark_shand	people of
chris_kelly_:writer	american of
ginia_bellafante	american from
brian_dunning_:author	american male
catherine_mavrikakis	canadian canadian novelists
brian_jacques	english births
mary_philadelphia_merrifield	19th-century women
cameron_stracher	american of
chip_johannessen	american television writers
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
hōmei_iwano	japanese births
paul_di_filippo	american american short
dmitry_bykov	russian writers
fiona_mcgregor	australian women writers
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
alexandre_dumas	french french
rasheed_ahmad_siddiqui	recipients from
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
hilary_barta	american comics
david_r.george_iii	american american novelists
freda_cruse_atwell	american women writers
geoffrey_maloney	australian women writers
david_pritchard_:chess_player	british births
eliana_johnson	american from
harry_cross_:sportswriter	american from
david_crane_:producer	american from
mike_resnick	american american novelists
norman_lowell	living births
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
nathan_burgoine	canadian canadian novelists
bernard_etxepare	year of
dr.balakrishnan	indian film
qudrat_ullah_shahab	pakistani of
curtis_roosevelt	american from
miguel_otero_silva	20th-century from
franz_fühmann	german german
otto_rahn	people births
robert_ames_bennet	american american novelists
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
amy_sterling_casil	american american short
chris_sheridan_:writer	american male
ananda_chandra_barua	indian from
andy_wightman	scottish of
fremont_rider	american from
elio_vittorini	italian male
bill_long_:writer	irish births
douglas_kent_hall	american from
r._g._de_s._wettimuny	theravada deaths
giorgio_faletti	italian births
abul_asad	bangladeshi births
brendan_o'carroll	irish from
david_x.cohen	american television
matt_bullen	english births
barry_took	english educated
alisa_kwitney	american women novelists
elisa_féliz	american of
antonio_acevedo_hernández	male dramatists
hubert_harrison	american of
darin_strauss	american american
gus_tf_sakai	indonesian births
marie-sissi_labrèche	canadian canadian novelists
graham_linehan	irish births
donna_ball	american romantic novelists
michael_j._fitzgerald_:writer	american from
arkady_arkanov	people of
dr.pavithran	indian film
akiva_schaffer	american male
richard_zenith	mexican women
morten_korch	male short
afdlin_shauki	malaysian deaths
gustaw_przeczek	polish from
paul_scott_:comics	living people birth
gurdial_singh	indian from
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
everett_b.cole	american male short
phiroz_mehta	people of
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
nio_joe_lan	indonesian deaths
delight_evans	american of
charlie_coffey_:writer	american television
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
eva_emery_dye	american american
anna_piaggi	italian women
richard_glatzer	american from
matt_brandstein	american comics
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
max_apple	american male
paul_mccusker	american from
beverley_nambozo	21st-century women
georgi_pulevski	people deaths
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
debra_anderson	canadian canadian novelists
norman_ward	canadian from
mary_ward_brown	american deaths
charles_dryden	american from
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
choi_in-ho	south births
paul_levinson	american american
pattathuvila_karunakaran	20th-century male
randa_abdel-fattah	australian people
france_bevk	slovenian from
carleton_mabee	american from
richard_ballantine	american births
hilary_barta	american comics
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
eva_norvind	norwegian women
candice_millard	american of
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
paul_rohrbach	german births
marilyn_jaye_lewis	american births
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
bob_paris	american from
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
pascal_bruckner	french french
c.ramachandra_rao	indian births
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
marianne_csaky	writers from
neil_druckmann	american comics
claudio_sanchez	american births
richard_glatzer	american from
darrell_schweitzer	american american short
alan_sillitoe	english short
abdul_hameed_:writer	pakistani from
coleman_jacoby	american from
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
christopher_mckitterick	american american short
nelson_algren	american american
cherith_baldry	21st-century women novelists
maria_popova	american births
pascual_h._poblete	belgian writers
rick_cleveland	american television writers
christopher_paul_curtis	american from novelists
gayla_trail	canadian from
george_meniuc	romanian births
ramaranjan_mukherji	indian writers
giovan_battista_di_crollalanza	italian deaths
heather_mcgowan	american women
annie_hall_cudlip	english women writers
ndyakira_amooti	year of
abdul_qavi_desnavi	indian from
mick_anglo	people births
mary_somerville	19th-century women
daniel_sieradski	american births
paula_broadwell	american from
miloš_mikeln	slovenian from
bruno_podalydès	french male
millôr_fernandes	brazilian dramatists
emily_mitchell	21st-century women writers
epeli_hauʻofa	australian of
fredrika_bremer	swedish swedish
chris_lynch	american from novelists
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
p-p_hartnett	21st-century short
niko_nikoladze	ecuadorian novelists
martin_pasko	canadian from writers
frank_tuohy	english male
ottavia_vitagliano	italian italian
elizabeth_laime	american from
camilo_venegas	cameroonian births
daniel_scott_:writer	american american novelists
nella_bielski	french french writers
douglas_e.winter	american births
maxim_februari	japanese births
devendranath_sharma	indian male
aidan_higgins	irish short
robert_d.cardona	american television
hava_volovich	russian writers
bill_corbett	american male
cameron_duncan	american from
a.j.butcher	british of birth missing
carl_otto_nordensvan	people births
audrey_howard	20th-century women novelists
marion_mainwaring	american women
mary_maclane	canadian women
gerald_carr_:cartoonist	australian people
charles_moseley_:writer	people of
brenda_walker	australian women
marie-louise_gay	canadian from
paul_kirchner	american from
menis_koumandareas	20th-century novelists
margaret_powell	english of
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
michael_korda	british of
ana_maria_machado	brazilian women
fabio_fiallo	dominican republic
alexander_yashin	ukrainian deaths
david_wong_:writer	american from novelists
patrick_mchale_:artist	american male
anne_henderson	australian from
alison_joseph	21st-century women novelists
brian_leung_:author	american of
michael_j.bird	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
anton_van_wilderode	flemish belgian
emily_smith_:author	21st-century women novelists
gertrude_bell	english of
raghavanka	indian from
gus_john	british of
pavle_julinac	serbian of
peter_bichsel	living births
pierre_ryckmans_:writer	21st-century births
mark_danner	american from
dmytro_dontsov	ukrainian deaths
rabina_khan	british of
orlando_wells	english male
arkady_davidowitz	russian births
cora_taylor	canadian women writers
garth_nix	australian from
aurelian_silvestru	moldovan writers
christophe_claro	french births
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
elsa_kazi	pakistani births
charles_lockwood_:author	american births
eric_kripke	american television
bernie_s.siegel	american from
gordon_lish	american american novelists
ravindra_pinge	people births
michael_costigan_:writer	australian births
henry_lawson	australian women
michael_s._moore	american american novelists
hartzell_spence	american american
constance_dejong	american births
martha_wells	american american novelists
dave_morice	american male
darin_strauss	american american
gunning_s.bedford	american deaths
imre_vallyon	people zealand
oscar_balderrama	american television writers
andrás_szántó	people births
rajko_perušek	slovenian writers
ariel_levy	american american
miranda_lee	australian women writers
motohiko_izawa	japanese japanese
maria_semyonova	russian people
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
michaela_angela_davis	american of
mark_richard	american from
rené_galand	french births
prajñāvarman	dalit writers
antoinette_henriette_clémence_robert	french french
heather_nuhfer	american comics
regina_weinreich	living people
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
hal_higdon	american from
georgia_byng	people of
megan_mayhew_bergman	21st-century women writers
neel_mukherjee_:writer	indian of
hartzell_spence	american american
maxim_gorky	russian male
elizabeth_graver	21st-century american novelists
guram_dochanashvili	people births
alexandra_shimo	canadian canadian
eula_biss	american university
namita_gokhale	indian women writers
faaiz_anwar	indian writers
rachel_qitsualik-tinsley	canadian women writers
ian_casocot	people births
aidan_higgins	irish short
meindert_dejong	american american
egil_børre_johnsen	norwegian births
barbara_m.joosse	american of writers
george_woodcock	canadian from
dmitry_grigorovich	russian russian
elizabeth_buchan	20th-century women novelists
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
graham_swift	english male
danny_hoch	american from
paul_goma	romanian essayists
darya_dontsova	russian births
elizabeth_korte	american television writers
eric_van_lustbader	american american novelists
christopher_levett	english deaths
mark_budz	american american novelists
david_szalay	21st-century women novelists
maja_haderlap	people births was a a writer writer
pyun_hye-young	south korean
doug_worgul	american of
deborah_eisenberg	american from
andreas_bruce	swedish births
ajit_cour	indian writers
hector_cantú	american comics
devon_monk	american women novelists
matthew_gavin_frank	american births
evadne_price	20th-century women writers
david_paul_kuhn	american from
garth_nix	australian from
coelho_neto	brazilian deaths
ben_stein	american male
pam_brady	american television writers
nina_josu	moldovan writers
chiara_matraini	italian italian
gen_urobuchi	japanese births
neil_smith_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
maureen_howard	american american
hugo_raes	belgian belgian
richard_meredith_:author	english births
donald_hinds	alumni of
francine_du_plessix_gray	american american
giuseppe_berto	italian italian
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
matthew_quick	american from novelists
matias_masucci	italian male
chirlane_mccray	american of
h.g.wells	english of
denis_gifford	british writers
aritha_van_herk	canadian canadian novelists
hossein_mortezaeian_abkenar	iranian births
melanie_walsh	living women writers
michael_levine_:publicist	american from
mary_hoffman	21st-century women novelists
don_mcgregor	american comics
guy_davenport	american american
mitchell_burgess	american television writers
meredith_haaf	german women writers
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
petro_marko	albanian short
miguel_herrero_uceda	living people
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
awn_alsharif_qasim	people deaths
mary_louisa_molesworth	19th-century women
camille_laurens	french women
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
randy_cohen	american of
francisco_gregorio_billini	dominican republic
natalie_savage_carlson	american children's
nick_twinamatsiko	ugandan women
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
elmer_bendiner	american deaths
bernardo_vega	dominican republic
imogen_edwards-jones	british of
ayub_sabir	pakistani births
qanate_kurdo	people writers
henry_dumas	american from
dawn_powell	american american
richard_e._kim	american writers
florencio_varela_:writer	albanian male
maria_belakhova	russian writers
georges_baal	hungarian from
maurice_tillieux	people births
dorothy_sterling	american women
alberto_fuguet	american births
meri_nana-ama_danquah	living people
delwar_hussain	alumni of
ernest_delahaye	french french
dewi_lestari	indonesian births
nancy_holder	american women novelists
i.marlene_king	american television
boris_savinkov	russian writers
corvida_raven	american women
dun_karm_psaila	people deaths
gabriel_garcía-badell	spanish births
brian_dunning_:author	american male
rené_daumal	french french
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
cheon_un-yeong	south korean
damon_lindelof	american television
mons_lie_:writer	20th-century short
anica_savić_rebac	serbian deaths
brian_dunning_:author	american male
pascal_bruckner	french french
domingo_del_monte	austrian women
phillip_sandifer	american births
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
adam_warren_:comics	american comics
bryan_thao_worra	american from
heloise_:columnist	american from
myoma_myint_kywe	burmese births
p._d._james	english of
dawn_powell	american american
beverly_cleary	american from
nat_nwe	burmese from
grenville_clark	american births
monica_ali	british women
david_treuer	american american
daniil_andreyev	russian male
rebecca_skloot	american births writers
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
george_henry_moore_:author	american from
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
richard_canal	french births
derek_benz	american american novelists
evan_fallenberg	american american
nikolay_karamzin	russian russian
ferdo_godina	slovenian births
carl_van_vechten	american from
max_apple	american male
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
dolores_alexander	american from
alexandru_djuvara	people deaths
frank_simoes	indian writers
arnie_lerma	american from
candace_camp	american women novelists
pavle_julinac	serbian of
anne_marie_winston	american women novelists
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
fazil_iskander	russian short
ilse_aichinger	austrian deaths
al-saddiq_al-raddi	living births
richard_t._williamson	american people
carol_emshwiller	american american short
nat_nwe	burmese from
bohdan_pawłowicz	israeli deaths
fran_detela	slovenian of
alice_borchardt	american women novelists
abdukadir_osman	year of
henry_liu	20th-century from
athénaïs_michelet	french women
robert_cohen_:writer	canadian of
gilbert_lawford_dalton	british of
benjamín_carrión	20th-century deaths
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
paul_marsden	british of
fernando_argenta	spanish male
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
prabda_yoon	living people
michael_j._weithorn	american television
g.b.senanayake	20th-century lankan
marita_bonner	american american
allegra_huston	english from
elizabeth_julia_hasell	people women
philip_blommaert	people births
grant_allen	canadian from
charles_dickens	english male
ajay_sastry	indian writers
frank_o'connor	irish deaths
naoko_hayashiba	japanese japanese
horace_mccoy	american from
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
don_bosco_:author	south births
meagan_mckinney	21st-century women novelists
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
richard_bell_:director	living people
nacio_herb_brown	american from
norris_mcwhirter	people of
edith_bruck	20th-century women
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
harry_browne	american from
dennis_marks_:screenwriter	american television
guy_andrews	people of
asif_farrukhi	pakistani of
allan_sherman	american from
abby_mann	american television
michael_j._weithorn	american television
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
michael_robotham	australian births
marv_goldberg	american people
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
paolo_tullio	irish writers
robert_leighton_:cartoonist	living people
rob_hood	australian births
nanda_hangkhim	living people
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
robert_faesi	swiss births
duncan_weller	canadian canadian novelists
robert_gittler	american of
nathan_penlington	living people
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
douglas_adams	english from
ramon_saizarbitoria	living people
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
mary_austin_holley	american births
a.m.homes	american american
michealene_risley	american births
harlan_greene	american american
melinda_m._snodgrass	20th-century american novelists
mike_dash	british writers
dan_lusthaus	american of
amiri_baraka	american from
diana_rowland	american women novelists
maria_mutch	canadian canadian novelists
robert_e.thompson	american from
harlan_greene	american american
edward_behr_:food_writer	american from writers
max_ehrmann	american births
afonso_arinos	brazilian deaths
audre_lorde	american american
fabio_volo	italian births
hubert_haas	belgian deaths
pío_moa	spanish births
muallim_naci	people deaths
evald_flisar	slovenian from
elizabeth_korte	american television writers
garlieb_merkel	german deaths
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
dorothy_mackie_low	20th-century of novelists
robert_sharoff	american people writers
howard_w.bergerson	american from
adriano_gonzález_león	20th-century novelists
matilda_hays	19th-century women
norman_ward	canadian from
peter_bichsel	living births
claire_keegan	21st-century short
robert_a.heinlein	american from
peter_stone	american from
henry_james	american male
alastair_mcintosh	scottish of
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
elchin_afandiyev	azerbaijani writers
alan_booth	english births
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
ann_mcgovern	american women
carlos_trillo	people writers
ian_rankin	british of
dimitrije_kantakuzin	15th-century of
mary_s.lovell	manuel deaths is is a american writer and
pedro_juan_soto	american deaths
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
bob_ellis	australian from
ridgwell_cullum	20th-century women
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
phyllis_chesler	american from
brinsley_macnamara	irish deaths
goran_vojnović	slovenian from
hidayat_orujov	people from
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
carl_wilhelm_böttiger	swedish swedish
martha_frick_symington_sanger	living births
david_biespiel	american from
eve_zaremba	canadian women
elisabeth_hauptmann	20th-century women
amanda_browning	women romantic fiction
howard_gordon	american television
c.c.swiney	american from
dara_ó_conaola	year of birth missing
george_william_curtis	american american
neel_mukherjee_:writer	indian of
maría_larraín_de_vicuña	chilean deaths
mark_bowden	american from
chris_hayward	american from
frank_waters	american from
francis_george_fowler	english births
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
georges_lagrange	french french
elizabeth_arnold_:children's_writer	english births
bruce_woolley	english births
mavor_moore	canadian male
brenda_webster	21st-century american
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
franco_solinas	italian male
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
oliver_onions	english male
anne-marie_cazalis	french women writers
robert_sheaffer	american writers
anne_bragance	21st-century women writers
philip_tinari	american people
mike_carey_:writer	english of
abdulla_shaig	ukrainian writers
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
elbert_hubbard	american from
pam_brady	american television writers
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
gillian_mears	australian australian
peter_gould_:writer	american television writers
neal_brennan	american television
margaret_stuart_barry	living births
claude_phillips	english of
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
dick_debartolo	people of
grenville_clark	american births
daniel_woodrell	american from novelists
dorothee_elmiger	swiss births
marie-louise_gay	canadian from
esther_rochon	canadian women novelists
angela_slatter	australian women writers
deborah_howe	american births
debbie_moon	21st-century women writers
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
bruno_podalydès	french male
massimo_del_pizzo	living of fiction
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
daniel_tammet	english of
morris_beckman_:writer	english births
mary_hood	american women novelists
matija_mažuranić	19th-century deaths
eve_zaremba	canadian women
anne_bishop	american women novelists
frank_d.graham	american of
petraq_zoto	20th-century short
michael_pryor	australian people
n.j.crisp	marc bushnaf is an a writer writer and
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
deborah_eisenberg	american from
david_laskin	american from
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
miruna_runcan	romanian births
r._w._bradford	american from
mignon_fogarty	american people writers
gaelen_foley	american women novelists
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
richard_jefferies	english births
monica_mary_gardner	english deaths
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
edward_s.aarons	american american novelists
carla_desantis_black	american from
carl_sonnenschein	german deaths
matthew_mather	canadian from
anne_devlin_:writer	people of writers
george_jonas	canadian from
gopala_chandra_praharaj	indian from
rajeev_nair	indian film
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
furman_bisher	american from
matthew_reilly	australian births
ramanlal_soni	people deaths
dominique_bona	french women
richard_bach	american from
michael_sledge	american male
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
ramanlal_soni	people deaths
august_alle	estonian deaths
hermann_kasack	german german
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
c.n.sreekantan_nair	indian male
bill_long_:writer	irish births
gabriela_brimmer	mexican births
patricia_st._john	english deaths
patricia_wrede	21st-century women novelists
robert_satloff	american from
mike_dash	british writers
renee_peck	american births
consuelo_de_sánchez_latour	20th-century women
clara_sereni	italian women
henry_clay_lewis	american from
colin_dexter	english of
bewketu_seyoum	canadian of
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
eugen_kumičić	croatian novelists
n_prabhakaran	20th-century male
ferenc_talányi	people writers
genevieve_foster	american from
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
gish_jen	american short short
nancy_keesing	australian women
r._d._low	british from
astrid_roemer	surinamese births
girija_kumar_mathur	indian from
phil_klemmer	american television
reginald_hill	english of
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
alex_law	american comics writers
mo_willems	american from
mohammad_mokhtari_:writer	iranian from
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
mary_martha_sherwood	english women writers
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
paul_hiebert_:writer	canadian from
etta_federn	mexican women
danielle_pafunda	american of birth
rashid_jahan	20th-century deaths
dennis_kelly	english male
christie_harris	canadian from
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
mícheál_ó_súilleabháin_:writer	living people birth
hubert_harrison	american of
barbara,_lady_stephen	english women writers
holly_nelson	canadian of
r._t._kendall	canadian births
nancy_keesing	australian women
alice_mcdermott	american women
bhisham_sahni	indian from
migdalia_cruz	american of birth
carlos_méndez_villalobos	mexican births
mark_bowden	american from
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
penny_jordan	20th-century women novelists
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
david_carr_:journalist	american from
rené_balcer	canadian from
antonia_hodgson	21st-century women writers
ben_myers	british births
marjorie_w._sharmat	american women writers
peter_james_:writer	english births
alfred_jarry	french french
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
qais_akbar_omar	american people
mel_tolkin	american male
angel_kyodo_williams	american women
robert_mccloskey	american from
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
danielle_trussoni	american from
rachel_manley	canadian women writers
hannah_more	english women
derek_drymon	american male
meridel_le_sueur	american women
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
didi_menosi	israeli jews
omair_ahmad	indian writers
regina_corrado	american television writers
mirabel_osler	english women writers
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
carl_van_vechten	american from
cathryn_humphris	american television birth
asar_eppel	russian short
darril_fosty	canadian of
anand_mahadevan	canadian from
oliver_la_farge	american american
nathanaël	canadian women novelists
brett_halliday	american american
betty_ren_wright	american women novelists
gerald_vizenor	american american
dušan_čater	slovenian from
may_theilgaard_watts	american women
catherynne_m.valente	21st-century american novelists
andy_goodman	american of birth
ravindra_pinge	people births
r._chandru	indian film
francis_george_fowler	english births
marion_halligan	australian women writers
eric_rhode	british births
holley_rubinsky	canadian women novelists
alana_i.capria	american american
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
florence_parry_heide	american from
olof_lagercrantz	swedish swedish
giorgio_amendola	italian male
rob_neyer	american births
barry_o'brien	american television
claire_fox	people of
mary_jo_pehl	american television
f.x.feeney	american births
hugh_b.cave	english english
mary_lamb	19th-century women
richard_n._goodwin	american people
nick_walters	living people
pravrajika_vrajaprana	american women writers
robert_j.sawyer	canadian from
bergljot_hobæk_haff	20th-century women writers
dale_evans	american from
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
nikolai_zlatovratsky	imperial russian
hutton_gibson	american from
meletius_smotrytsky	polish deaths
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
breyten_breytenbach	south african
p._craig_russell	american comics
christoph_von_schmid	german women
don_payne_:writer	american from
franz_douskey	american american novelists
henry_s.whitehead	american american short
nathuram_premi	indian deaths
alexandra_sellers	american of birth
dirk_philips	flemish from
andrés_caicedo	male short
edem_awumey	canadian canadian
arnulfo_trejo	american american
claire_mowat	canadian women writers
robert_eagle_:filmmaker	british births
bruce_jones_:comics	american male short
donald_k.fry	american of
apache_indian	bangladeshi male
norris_mcwhirter	people of
adam_radwanski	canadian from
alexandre_astier	french male
andre_dubus	american american novelists
orlando_wells	english male
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
george_malcher	british of
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
ian_denis_johnson	american bloggers
anthony_hartley	british births
dorothy_ripley	english births
amrita_pritam	indian from
heinz_knobloch	german from
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
paul_kidd	australian short story
mik_duffy	new of writers
miklós_vámos	hungarian from
georges_baal	hungarian from
mišo_juzmeski	turkish people
plum_johnson	canadian canadian writers
pj_manney	21st-century women
curt_goetz	german male
amy_keating_rogers	american television writers
adriano_gonzález_león	20th-century novelists
nicholas_luard	people of
peter_bander_van_duren	german deaths
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
ayun_halliday	american from
penny_busetto	south african writers
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
francisco_azuela	mexican births
alexander_levitov	russian russian
akif_pirinçci	german from
elie_wiesel	american american
ayub_sabir	pakistani births
naomi_novik	american american novelists
chandradhar_barua	20th-century from
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
elizabeth_enright	american from
abdukadir_osman	year of
mark_bence-jones	people of
bill_arp	american from
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
mathilde_schjøtt	norwegian norwegian
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
ravella_venkatarama_rao	indian deaths
a.k.chettiar	indian births
bill_carter	american film directors
georgi_pulevski	people deaths
myron_coureval_fagan	american from
enrique_dussel	argentine from
nina_allan	living people
alexander_chalmers	british writers
félix_luna	argentine births
conrado_nalé_roxlo	argentine male
blanche_d'alpuget	20th-century women
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
catherine_mavrikakis	canadian canadian novelists
pío_baroja	spanish births
pedro_juan_soto	american deaths
g.p.rajarathnam	indian writers
melchior_lengyel	hungarian dramatists
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
dan_abnett	british of
alfredo_armas_alfonzo	venezuelan births
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
bas_kast	german male
mary_miller_:writer	21st-century women novelists
morris_lurie	australian australian
peter_gibson_:writer	american male
célestine_hitiura_vaite	21st-century women
claire_fox	people of
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
douglas_e.winter	american births
henry_lawson	australian women
céline_renooz	belgian belgian
montserrat_roig	spanish births
countess_dash	french french writers
daniil_andreyev	russian male
charles_dickens	english male
nella_bielski	french french writers
alfred_gregory_yewen	australian deaths
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
avasarala_ramakrishna_rao	indian indian
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
adam_elliot	australian births
norman_corwin	american male novelists
henri_antoine_jules-bois	french deaths
cathleen_with	canadian canadian novelists
mervyn_peake	english from
mo_willems	american from
allen_barnett_:writer	american from
molly_mccloskey	american births
edward_ormondroyd	american of novelists
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
david_leavitt	american american
melody_moezzi	american from
pavao_pavličić	croatian novelists
alexandru_hâjdeu	russian births
ali_smith	20th-century of
emine_semiye_önasya	turkish writers
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
alice_bailey	english deaths
canan_topçu	turkish people
alan_landsburg	american from
maryana_marrash	chuvash deaths
abdul_qavi_desnavi	indian from
pramatha_chaudhuri	bengali deaths
alexander_jablokov	american american short
alison_schapker	american television birth
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
einosuke_itō	japanese deaths
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
g.s.amur	indian from
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
ed_lin	american american short
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
augusto_monterroso	guatemalan short
daniel_aaron	american of
coelho_neto	brazilian deaths
charles_belfoure	american from novelists
paul_glennon	canadian canadian novelists
david_a.moss	american from
bill_bauer_:poet	canadian from
agnishekhar	indian writers
natasha_walter	living births
cynthia_ozick	american american
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
bill_odenkirk	american television
allan_sherman	american from
michael_s._moore	american american novelists
matt_maiocco	american people
bernard_maclaverty	scottish of
george_mogridge_:old_humphrey	english english
david_horowitz	american from
gail_giles	american of birth
debbie_dadey	american children's
mira_mihelič	slovenian from
petar_pjesivac	australian births
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
nigel_slater	english births
carlos_zubizarreta	people from
patrick_jennings_:writer	american american novelists
pat_bullard	canadian people
amar_sindhu	year of
natsuhiko_kyogoku	japanese births
clayton_van_lydegraf	american deaths
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
bertrand_besigye	norwegian norwegian
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
ratnakar_matkari	indian film
alan_lee_:cricket_writer	british births
adrian_james_martyn	irish births
frank_manley	american american
cevin_soling	american births
andrew_collins_:broadcaster	english male
marguerite_abouet	living children's
chuck_dixon	american comics
ian_maxtone-graham	american television
mike_gray	american from
andrej_e.skubic	slovenian from
antónio_aurélio_gonçalves	cape verdean
philippe_delerm	21st-century french
gudlavalleti_chalapati_rao	indian from
paul_theroux	american from
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
matija_mažuranić	19th-century deaths
david_dalglish	american american novelists
paz_márquez-benítez	people deaths
bhalchandra_nemade	indian writers
deb_lacusta	american television writers
ilo_mitkë_qafëzezi	albanian albanian
camara_laye	20th-century novelists
mary_noailles_murfree	american women writers
eric_kaplan	american from
maria_flook	living children's
barry_unsworth	english of
erwin_strittmatter	german of
pedro_balmaceda	ecuadorian deaths
pu_songling	iranian from
e.m.granger_bennett	canadian canadian novelists
amanda_mckittrick_ros	19th-century births
alexander_zhitinsky	russian births
michael_punke	american people
mary_eliza_fullerton	australian women writers
connie_schultz	american from
arshavir_shirakian	armenian deaths
candace_fleming	american women writers
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
catherine_millet	french women
amy_sterling_casil	american american short
donald_gallinger	american american short
edward_dicey	english deaths
brenda_chapman_:writer	21st-century women novelists
attila_henrik_szabó	hungarian male
monika_bohge	german women writers
gerhard_polt	german male
david_zindell	american american novelists
montague_haltrecht	english from
connie_schultz	american from
nowsher_ali_khan_yusufzai	bengali deaths
arthur_frommer	american from
ameer_idreis	canadian canadian novelists
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
grange_calveley	people births is
adrian_cornelius_langerwerf	new zealand writers
david_benedictus	english births
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
fazil_iskander	russian short
mohamed_chafik	living births
alter_kacyzne	20th-century novelists
raphaële_bidault-waddington	french people
maila_talvio	marc wa is a a writer writer and
martha_cecilia	living people
musa_anter	people deaths
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
barbara_faith	american women novelists
alan_woo	21st-century canadian novelists
michael_shermer	american from
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
michael_yon	american from
c.v.sreeraman	indian male
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
michael_j._weithorn	american television
david_stevens_:screenwriter	australian births
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
peter_kosminsky	english male
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
edward_docx	english births
donna_jo_napoli	american women novelists
david_michelinie	american comics
bernard_marshall	american from
mike_snider	american people
rhys_hughes	british births
huo_da	people births
bill_brewster_:dj	british writers
norbert_blei	american american novelists
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
hemendra_kumar_roy	bengali writers
emmanuel_f.lacaba	filipino births
mavor_moore	canadian male
marion_lennox	australian women writers
gertrude_barrows_bennett	american american fiction
frédéric_encel	french births
d.scott_rogo	american births
ian_bone_:author	australian births
bonnie_clearwater	american from
allan_sherman	american from
ed_hale	american of writers
brenda_walker	australian women
nicholas_delbanco	american university
greg_cox_:writer	american american novelists
carla_cassidy	american women novelists
chester_himes	american from
a.r.krishnashastry	indian from
bwesigye_bwa_mwesigire	ugandan of
paul-jacques_bonzon	french french writers
mercedes_valdivieso	20th-century women
nirmal_verma	indian from
michael_christie_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
christopher_rowley	american american novelists
mary_kingsley	19th-century deaths
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
patrick_mchale_:artist	american male
amy_peikoff	american from
ann_c.crispin	american women novelists
guillermo_meneses	venezuelan births
gail_simone	american comics
meg_medina	american from
melesina_trench	irish women
brent_weeks	american of novelists
pascal_bruckner	french french
omar_ibn_said	american from
dorothy_m.cray	20th-century romantic fiction
ralph_chaplin	american deaths
paola_corso	21st-century american writers
garrett_fort	american male novelists
frank_waters	american from
elsa_triolet	russian women
alasdair_gray	british of
guido_gezelle	flemish from
miguel_otero_silva	20th-century from
clement_clarke_moore	american from
edmond_fleg	french french
helen_darville	australian australian
alexandru_hâjdeu	russian births
benjamin_demott	american from
betty_friedan	american american
melissa_harris-perry	american from
c.austin_miles	people deaths
agustin_cueva	israeli deaths
david_crouse	american short
mark_pryor_:author	american from
constance_dejong	american births
al-jahiz	people deaths
petar_zoranić	people births
boaz_lavie	people lavie
pierre_ryckmans_:writer	21st-century births
neil_smith_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
emmanuel_bourdieu	french french
enid_blyton	20th-century women novelists
p._t._deutermann	american from
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
mike_carey_:writer	english of
fahmida_riaz	pakistani of
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
hu_lancheng	people deaths
amrita_pritam	indian from
p._schuyler_miller	american american short
giorgio_faletti	italian births
elizabeth_cobbold	19th-century women
charles_exbrayat	20th-century french novelists
howard_norman	american of
harve_pierre	american deaths
david_wong_:writer	american from novelists
phil_pepe	american deaths
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
riadh_sidaoui	living people
denys_colomb_de_daunant	french births
aldous_huxley	english from
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
eliza_ruhamah_scidmore	american from
caroline_leakey	english women
adolph_freiherr_knigge	german deaths
francis_gibson	19th-century deaths
paul_hiebert_:writer	canadian from
dejan_medaković	serbian from
richard_russell_:dow_theory	american from
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
edgar_wallace	english male
dave_godfrey	canadian from
frederick_buechner	american from
peter_ho_davies	british of
gillian_mears	australian australian
david_sweetman	20th-century from
charles_willeford	american from
fyodor_stepun	russian deaths
gunvor_hofmo	norwegian women writers
aya_tanimura	australian women writers
meera_nanda	living women
emine_semiye_önasya	turkish writers
clara_de_chatelain	19th-century deaths
armand_lunel	french french
andreas_bruce	swedish births
elbert_hubbard	american from
norman_lear	american from
amar_jaleel	pakistani of
håkon_tysdal	norwegian births
eduard_limonov	russian male
brandon_choi	american of birth
conrad_voss_bark	british births
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
francisco_alarcón_estaba	venezuelan births
martin_boyd	australian short
charles_newman_:author	american from
henry_lawson	australian women
barbara_hall_:tv_producer	american women writers
fazillah_abdul_gaffa	south births
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
egil_børre_johnsen	norwegian births
ningeokuluk_teevee	canadian from
fazil_iskander	russian short
maria_kuncewiczowa	people births
paula_fox	american women novelists
mary_somerville	19th-century women
miroslava_duma	russian writers
alaa_al_aswany	indonesian births
colin_thompson	english births
benoît_peeters	french births
dimitri_vladimirovich_isayev	chuvash deaths
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
beatrice_hammer	french women writers
rajeev_nair	indian film
dann_thomas	american comics
patricia_maclachlan	american from novelists
conrado_nalé_roxlo	argentine male
arandzar	ottoman deaths
brent_fletcher	american television writers
chris_mckenna_:writer	american television writers
hailji	south births
mohammad-reza_mahdavi_kani	people from
adam_begley	american from
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
marshall_browne	australian australian
matthew_chojnacki	american births
meridel_le_sueur	american women
mike_scully	american television writers
bruno_podalydès	french male
carol_bishop-gwyn	canadian women
chandramathi	indian indian
eric_m.witchey	american american short
i.k.k.menon	indian indian
dominik_smole	slovenian novelists
christina_m.kim	american television birth
anne-marie_cazalis	french women writers
mercedes_valdivieso	20th-century women
riad_ismat	syrian of
hermann_kasack	german german
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
neal_drinnan	australian short story
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
christina_lauren	american women novelists
patrick_richardson	british of
dorothee_elmiger	swiss births
eric_de_kuyper	belgian births
pavao_ritter_vitezović	people of
alicia_sheridan_lefanu	19th-century women
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
gavriil_troyepolsky	russian deaths
clive_barker	lgbt male
megan_morrone	american births
anne_deveson	australian births
david_icke	english of
frank_simoes	indian writers
henri_thomas	french french novelists
maria_teresa_maia_gonzalez	living women
david_pogue	american from
gudrun_pausewang	german women writers
panchapakesa_jayaraman	indian of
mary_ann_rundall	people births
maurissa_tancharoen	american from
daniel_sieradski	american births
paul_wayne	canadian people
frederic_m.hudson	american of birth
alex_leslie	21st-century women novelists
didi_menosi	israeli jews
bernard_gordon_:writer	american from
brian_francis	canadian from
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
mike_grell	american comics
harriot_eaton_stanton_blatch	american from
richie_webb	english of
fred_golan	american television birth
natalie_minardi_slater	american television writers
ellen_galford	canadian of novelists
andrás_szántó	people births
nyana_kakoma	ugandan women
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
albert_cossery	20th-century novelists
maria_aurora_couto	indian women
alan_landsburg	american from
breyten_breytenbach	south african
oskar_luts	20th-century novelists
david_n.weiss	american from
paulus_melissus	german deaths
alison_goodman	20th-century women writers
harut_sassounian	american deaths
angela_pulvirenti	australian television birth
graça_aranha	brazilian deaths
emily_wachtel	american television writers
coleman_jacoby	american from
alfred_gregory_yewen	australian deaths
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
dmitri_savitski	russian writers
elisabeth_de_mariaffi	canadian women novelists
ricardo_miró	venezuelan deaths
norman_franks	people births
mary_brave_bird	american deaths
e.lockhart	american from
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
oliver_robins	american male
matias_masucci	italian male
max_kretzer	people births
harriot_eaton_stanton_blatch	american from
donagh_macdonagh	irish deaths
bob_ellis	australian from
elizabeth_tyrwhitt	english of writers
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
alejandro_agostinelli	argentine births
alice_borchardt	american women novelists
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
cornelia_meigs	american american
anna_piaggi	italian women
arie_kaplan	american comics
beatrix_campbell	british of
barry_cryer	english educated
gilbert_collard	french male
e.hoffmann_price	american american short
barbro_lindgren	swedish women
george_mcleod_winsor	19th-century women
chuck_mckenzie	australian short story
mate_dolenc	slovenian from
ida_hegazi_høyer	norwegian norwegian writers
alexander_herzen	russian russian
daryn_tufts	american from
michael_blumlein	american american novelists
elie_wiesel	american american
michael_dooney	american of birth
matilda_hays	19th-century women
claire_fox	people of
noël_godin	belgian births
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
dorothee_elmiger	swiss births
annette_lapointe	canadian women
frank_spotnitz	american television writers
paul_heyse	german german
robert_l.washington_iii	american comics
augusten_burroughs	lgbt from
marie-jeanne_l'héritier	french women writers
mikihiko_renjō	japanese japanese
hermann_broch	austrian deaths
elin_wägner	swedish women
andre_jacquemetton	american television writers
eudora_welty	american american
rebecca_rush	american children's novelists
p._craig_russell	american comics
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
arimasa_osawa	japanese japanese
maurice_mierau	canadian from
abdul_rahim_dard	malaysian deaths was
carole_bache	american deaths
olga_shapir	russian short
charlie_coffey_:writer	american television
catherine_turney	american deaths
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
rachel_kushner	21st-century american novelists
colin_thompson	english births
david_d.levine	american science short
branka_jurca	slovenian from
cornelia_meigs	american american
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
george_moreby_acklom	british births
patti_kim_:writer	american women
a.r.krishnashastry	indian from
monica_gesue	living comics
melissa_harris-perry	american from
henri_nathansen	male male
carl_muller	south lankan
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
miriam_toews	canadian from
daniel_nester	american from
ariane_sherine	21st-century people writers
mary_lavin	irish women
bartho_smit	people deaths
george_egerton	irish women
francis_foster_barham	english births
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
perch_proshyan	armenian deaths
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
cynthia_ozick	american american
andreas_eschbach	italian births
andy_goodman	american of birth
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
alexander_knox_:theologian	people births
robert_gernhardt	german german
angela_slatter	australian women writers
barbara_faith	american women novelists
michel_vinaver	french french
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
bernd_brunner	german women
marguerite_rawalt	american deaths
espen_klouman_høiner	norwegian from
beatrice_lamwaka	ugandan women
mark_lund	american from
camille_de_toledo	french french
enzo_siciliano	italian male
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
peter_brimelow	american from
nick_flynn	american male
armstrong_sperry	american from
brian_priestley	english of
anthony_sampson	english of
darnell_l.moore	american of
claude_aveline	french french
george_griffith	british of
robert_j.shaw	american television
bernard_werber	french french novelists
baltasar_lopes_da_silva	cape verdean
nic_kelman	american male
brandon_friedman	american from
george_monbiot	british of
alexander_belyaev	russian deaths
pacho_o'donnell	argentine births
nio_joe_lan	indonesian deaths
henry_thomas_mackenzie_bell	english deaths
barbara_kesel	american comics
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
rafiq_husain	indian of
britta_gröndahl	20th-century women
arnold_arre	filipino births
robert_a.heinlein	american from
curt_gentry	american from
ernest_hillen	canadian canadian
douglas_a.blackmon	american from
muhammad_al-maghut	syrian deaths
hamid_tamjidi	iranian births
geoffrey_maloney	australian women writers
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
aniceto_dos_reis_gonçalves_viana	people births
alvin_boretz	american from
mary_wibberley	english women novelists
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
francesco_saverio_salfi	italian births
antonio_gallego_gallego	spanish births
mika_waltari	finnish births
agnes_nixon	american television
matt_wayne	american comics
david_m.alexander	american american novelists
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
morris_lurie	australian australian
michael_banim	irish deaths
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
es'kia_mphahlele	south african
peter_stone	american from
merata_kawharu	south zealand
erich_loest	german from
eduard_vilde	estonian from
cristin_o'keefe_aptowicz	american from
adolph_freiherr_knigge	german deaths
b.s.mardhekar	indian from
philipp_meyer	american american
frode_grytten	norwegian births
patrick_süskind	german women
caterina_edwards	canadian canadian novelists
edith_josie	canadian from
patricia_wrightson	australian women
chan_koonchung	hong births
frank_moorhouse	australian short
ridgwell_cullum	20th-century women
césar_aira	argentine births
diana_e.h.russell	south african
frank_tuohy	english male
beb_vuyk	20th-century women writers
rhys_hughes	british births
mir-jam	20th-century novelists
frances_erskine_inglis,_1st_marquise_of_calderón_de_la_barca	british of
fannie_pearson_hardy_eckstorm	american deaths
michael_ende	german women
charlotte_elizabeth_tonna	english women writers
angela_heywood	american deaths
diana_morgan_:novelist	american of novelists
anne_holmberg	american women novelists
françois_weyergans	french births
frederick_guthrie	british of
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
david_harris_ebenbach	american male novelists
diane_carey	american women novelists
debito_arudou	american from
cleve_cartmill	american american novelists
eugene_george_key	american american novelists
pola_oloixarac	argentine births
charles_barton_:legal_writer	people deaths
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
rich_johnston	year of birth
nikifor_mran'ka	people deaths
palagummi_padmaraju	indian writers
daniel_samper_ospina	slovenian births
grace_james	english women writers
mouloud_mammeri	people births
multatuli	dutch deaths
bishwanath_ghosh	indian from
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
david_goldschmid	american television writers
raymond_mortimer	people of
ayi_kwei_armah	american people
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
nirmal_verma	indian from
orlando_wells	english male
pam_brady	american television writers
gudlavalleti_chalapati_rao	indian from
ed_brubaker	american comics
ponsonby_ogle	english deaths
ahmet_zappa	american male
emil_benčík	spanish from
henry_joseph_monck_mason	people births
chris_chantler_:writer	year of birth
brian_fawcett	canadian canadian
connie_willis	american american novelists
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
meera_nanda	living women
prajñāvarman	dalit writers
guy_davenport	american american
helio_vera	male births
aisha_muharrar	american television
henry_rice_:writer	british births
mohamed_chafik	living births
gerald_clarke_:author	american from
mitch_silpa	american male
mickey_rose	american from
bogart_rogers	american from
crystal_wilkinson	american american
aslak_dørum	norwegian births
george_anania	romanian novelists
cintra_wilson	american women
ningeokuluk_teevee	canadian from
henry_kreisel	canadian male novelists
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
charles_steggall	english deaths
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
harry_hess_reichard	american births
richard_edmonds_:scientist	people births
anne_henderson	australian from
maurice_gilliams	people from
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
gary_north_:journalist	american of
antoine_de_rivarol	french french
boris_pahor	people of
guido_piovene	italian italian
arthur_upfield	20th-century from
henry_blue_kline	american american
andrew_berardini	american from
gerald_vizenor	american american
grace_hallock	american of death
elsa_joubert	south african
pu_songling	iranian from
françois_duprat	french births
michael_harris_:editor	canadian canadian
donald_j.sobol	american from
anvita_dutt_guptan	indian from
pat_condell	english educated
robert_antelme	french deaths
david_f.case	american american novelists
mary_mapes_dodge	american women
nandita_da_cunha	living of
hamid_dizdar	bosnia and
gabriel_brizard	year births
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
patrick_aleph	american from
hemley_boum	20th-century births
betty_roland	australian women
pierre_ryckmans_:writer	21st-century births
ernesto_sabato	argentine births
dan_brereton	american comics
philip_o'connor	british deaths
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
ahmed_mourad	indonesian births
marianne_alopaeus	dutch women
rift_fournier	american television
emerenz_meier	19th-century women
nicky_moey	singaporean people
francine_noël	canadian women novelists
chin_ce	living births
abdullah_tahiri	people deaths
dwayne_wayans	american male
maria_lima	american women novelists
dušan_šarotar	slovenian from
emiliano_reali	italian male
ed_cullen	american from
aurelio_gonzález_ovies	spanish births
hagop_baronian	armenian deaths
otar_chiladze	20th-century novelists
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
nguyễn_ngọc_ngạn	canadian from
andrew_davies_:writer	people of
danton_remoto	filipino births
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
marion_halligan	australian women writers
richard_zenith	mexican women
matthias_politycki	german women
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
alan_moore	english births
r._d._low	british from
rabina_khan	british of
rené_daumal	french french
erica_ehm	canadian from
abdallah_marrash	people of
phyllis_a._whitney	american women
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
barly_baruti	people deaths
daniele_bolelli	american male
maurice_tillieux	people births
alissa_quart	21st-century women
rafael_hertzberg	19th-century deaths
mathilde_schjøtt	norwegian norwegian
robert_marasco	american male dramatists
amanda_lohrey	20th-century women
phillip_margolin	american american
a.m.homes	american american
doug_naylor	english of
adam_c.engst	american from
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
margaret_stuart_barry	living births
richard_cumyn	canadian canadian novelists
christopher_turner	british of
pinki_virani	indian from
michael_fleisher	american comics
horace_mccoy	american from
harold_brodkey	american from
henrique_abranches	20th-century from
imogen_edwards-jones	british of
ewa_nowak	indonesian births
per_hohle	norwegian births
azar_nafisi	saudi arabian
damion_dietz	american of birth
robert_marasco	american male dramatists
paul_bellini	canadian from
hemchandra_goswami	asom from
bozorg_alavi	iranian births
ernesto_sabato	argentine births
nuray_lale	living women
angelica_garnett	english deaths
christopher_robbins	british births
antonio_moresco	italian italian
elizabeth_herbert,_baroness_herbert_of_lea	english women writers
anne_hampson	year romantic birth missing
richard_appignanesi	canadian canadian
henry_stephens_salt	english of
funahashi_seiichi	japanese births
amy_wallace	20th-century women writers
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
camilla_läckberg	21st-century women
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
dorothy_allison	american women
alden_r.hatch	american from
bruce_woolley	english births
norrey_ford	english romantic writers
fernanda_eberstadt	21st-century women novelists
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
bonnie_clearwater	american from
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
ajay_sastry	indian writers
gary_turbak	year of birth missing
fahmida_riaz	pakistani of
david_alan_grier_:writer	american of birth
emmanuel_bourdieu	french french
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
massimo_carlotto	italian births
allison_silberberg	american women writers
pavel_prudnikau	people from
marieke_hardy	australian births
henrietta_christian_wright	american children's
richard_shelton_:writer	american from
hermann_kant	german of
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
andayya	indian writers
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
arnold_drake	american comics
alberto_bevilacqua	italian italian
nicola_cornick	english of
mohammed_hasan_alwan	living people
hitonari_tsuji	japanese births
guy_hocquenghem	french french
nuala_woulfe	living people
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
melanie_guile	australian children's
frederick_guthrie	british of
david_leavitt	american american
ben_moor_:writer	english male
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
cass_pennant	english male
abdul_qavi_desnavi	indian from
rebecca_skloot	american births writers
denis_johnson	american american
mirko_breyer	venezuelan births
elizabeth_graver	21st-century american novelists
olav_nordrå	norwegian norwegian
andrés_useche	american births
michael_stemmle	living game
cizia_zykë	french french
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
charles_dunster	english deaths
maría_de_los_ángeles_errisúriz	people births
giannis_agouris	turkish births
peter_townend_:novelist	english births novelists
annabelle_white	new zealand writers
allan_chappelow	people of
aileen_fisher	american from
bozorg_alavi	iranian births
daniele_bolelli	american male
michael_blumlein	american american novelists
alexis_wright	australian women
quentin_crisp	english male
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
noriko_ogiwara	japanese japanese
bewketu_seyoum	canadian of
meša_selimović	serbian from
martine_broda	french women writers
adolf_brand	german deaths
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
cvetka_bevc	slovenian from
rachel_zadok	south african
patrick_califia	american from
eve_titus	american deaths
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
percival_everett	american american
matthew_jacobs	living people
maria_zhukova	russian russian
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
motilal_jotwani	indian writers
bonnie_macbird	american of writers
dwivedula_visalakshi	indian writers
dirk_philips	flemish from
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
matthew_stokoe	living people
erik_davis	american births
martha_wells	american american novelists
max_crawford_:writer	american from
deb_caletti	21st-century women novelists
charlie_kadau	american male
david_milofsky	american american short
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
megan_morrone	american births
pamela_aidan	21st-century women novelists
elio_vittorini	italian male
pauline_johnson	canadian women
ille_toktash	chuvash deaths
hutton_gibson	american from
dennis_eichhorn	american from
ali_al-abdallah	year of is
federico_gamboa	mexican deaths
elaine_coffman	american romantic novelists
marjorie_van_de_water	20th-century births
reşat_ekrem_koçu	turkish deaths
nigel_rodgers	english from
peter_de_rome	american births
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
fred_van_lente	american comics
dorothy_whipple	english deaths
anna_wheeler_:author	irish women
beppe_fenoglio	italian male
noriko_ogiwara	japanese japanese
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
oskar_rosenfeld	austrian jews
dolores_alexander	american from
benjamín_carrión	20th-century deaths
reidar_thomassen	norwegian norwegian
galsan_tschinag	people writers
eduard_uspensky	russian male
gertrude_bell	english of
anne_hocking	20th-century women writers
nick_twinamatsiko	ugandan women
anthony_burgess	english from
miklós_haraszti	slovenian births
christopher_dow_:author	american male
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
catherine_mavrikakis	canadian canadian novelists
glória_perez	slovenian births
anna_seghers	german of
morgan_bell	australian from
allan_sealy	indian from
chuck_lorre	american television
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
meera_nanda	living women
edna_mayne_hull	20th-century women novelists
dallas_john_baker	australian short story
pagu	brazilian women
margery_latimer	american american novelists
humayun_kabir_dhali	bangladeshi people
han_kang	people women
rené_lapierre	canadian canadian novelists
paullina_simons	writers from
charles_burleigh_galbreath	american births
beverly_cleary	american from
avrom_reyzen	american deaths
martín_hahn	croatian births
nouritza_matossian	english births
dattaram_maruti_mirasdar	indian writers
poola_tirupati_raju	indian from
charles_howe_:writer	people deaths
penny_martin	alumni of
ian_penman	british births
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
birgitta_trotzig	swedish from
barry_cryer	english educated
randy_boyagoda	canadian from
marinko_stevanović	living from
alicia_tindal_palmer	19th-century women writers
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
george_monbiot	british of
richard_g._rosner	american from
marita_bonner	american american
brian_clegg_:writer	people of
qazi_mahbub_hussain	year of is
michael_franzak	american people
phyllis_krasilovsky	american from
diana_abgar	people from
earl_thompson_:author	american from
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
athénaïs_michelet	french women
frankétienne	haitian dramatists
abby_mann	american television
hermann_hager	german births
ian_denis_johnson	american bloggers
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
diego_de_torres_villarroel	spanish births
philip_ó_ceallaigh	irish women
arnie_lerma	american from
fran_striker	american from
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
nicolás_gómez_dávila	chilean deaths
coral_lansbury	australian from
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
ann_marcus	american from
heather_macallister	american women novelists
david_pogue	american from
florinda_donner	american from
p._c._wren	english births
giulio_angioni	italian italian
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
daisy_gardner	american television writers
chantal_thomas	french women writers
anna_piaggi	italian women
pierre_assouline	french births
carlo_emilio_gadda	italian italian
herman_miller_:writer	american television
abu_rushd	bangladeshi of
cornelius_eady	american american
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
francine_prose	american american novelists
adam_kazimierz_czartoryski	recipients of the
nikolai_virta	russian male
geoff_thompson_:writer	british births
dominik_smole	slovenian novelists
eugen_gottlob_winkler	german deaths
evelyn_waugh	english of
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
cristina_ali_farah	italian births
anne_deveson	australian births
c.s.lakshmi	indian indian
frederick_exley	american from
dale_smith_:writer	english male
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
andrés_useche	american births
banine	azerbaijani from
dorothy_scarborough	american from
mercer_mayer	american from
randolph_stow	australian australian
patricia_maclachlan	american from novelists
maria_isabel_barreno	20th-century women
charles_stross	english science fiction
andrew_hutchinson_:author	australian from
donna_andrews_:author	american women novelists
charles_willeford	american from
brian_torrey_scott	people births
michael_bennett_:film_director	living people
elsa_joubert	south african
evan_beloff	canadian television writers
esther_seligson	mexican women
david_j.mitchell	canadian from
dalia_sofer	american of
andrés_henestrosa	mexican births
robert_e.thompson	american from
barbara_delaplace	year women birth
rebecca_solnit	american women
patrea_smallacombe	australian women writers
heather_graham_pozzessere	american women novelists
günther_schwab	austrian births
carlos_monsiváis	mexican births
christopher_hurn	american of birth
daniel_pennac	french french
andrew_berardini	american from
arthur_mee	british births
ian_ridpath	people of
rebecca_rush	american children's novelists
robert_draper	american births
helen_walsh	english male
mundhir_qabbānī	living arabian
richard_jefferies	english births
mariko_ōhara	living births
mateo_morrison	dominican of
frederick_exley	american from
peter_ling	english births
patricia_wilson	women romantic fiction
robert_musil	20th-century women
peter_b._gillis	american from
milan_paroški	serbian of
hemendra_kumar_roy	bengali writers
harold_acton	english of
gadul_singh_lama	indian male
michael_kenward	english births
guy_de_maupassant	french french
antoine_blondin	french male
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
orrin_keepnews	american from
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
brenda_chapman	american film
edward_mccourt	canadian from
meliza_bañales	american women
marija_vojskovič	20th-century women
angela_hernández_nuñez	dominican of
georges_cogniot	french deaths
gene_deweese	american american novelists
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
rick_cleveland	american television writers
arturo_ambrogi	20th-century male
emily_nasrallah	20th-century women
guillaume_bigot	french births
hermann_kant	german of
alexei_maxim_russell	canadian canadian novelists
flora_annie_steel	19th-century short
andré_breton	french deaths
ali_bey_huseynzade	azerbaijani deaths
rené_de_ceccatty	french french novelists
cassie_stocks	canadian women novelists
fred_reed	american from
richard_marsland	australian from
helen_hooven_santmyer	american american
oliver_la_farge	american american
barry_cryer	english educated
alexander_zhitinsky	russian births
harishankar_parsai	indian writers
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
connie_schultz	american from
cecelie_berry	american of
alexander_stepanovich_yakovlev	russian male
gerald_brenan	british of
alan_bradley_:writer	21st-century from
allie_bates	american women novelists
michelle_king	american television writers
hannah_burdon	19th-century deaths
gyula_hernádi	hungarian male
paul_leyssac	people births
maryline_desbiolles	21st-century women
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
gennifer_choldenko	american women novelists
antónio_gonçalves_de_bandarra	portuguese births
brian_attebery	american american novelists
ian_maxtone-graham	american television
anton_rønneberg	norwegian norwegian
debbie_moon	21st-century women writers
charlie_angus	canadian from
anna_maria_ortese	italian women writers
mitchell_hurwitz	american television writers
nicky_moey	singaporean people
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
excilia_saldaña	21st-century women
c.j.sansom	british of
betim_muço	albanian albanian
bedar_mnagrio	pakistani births
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
pat_jordan_:author	american braves
rafael_reig	spanish people
christine_harris_:author	australian women writers
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
mu_shiying	20th-century from
angelika_schrobsdorff	german german
berta_golob	slovenian births
rob_ledonne	living people
mary_somerville	19th-century women
raphaël_confiant	french people
david_nekrutman	american people
andrey_dashkov	people of
margret_kopala	canadian from
anton_hansen_tammsaare	20th-century novelists
gary_janetti	american from
arthur_achleitner	people deaths
eldridge_cleaver	american from
emerenz_meier	19th-century women
cesare_sterbini	italian italian
christina_crawford	american women writers
masti_venkatesha_iyengar	indian writers
gary_johns	australian of
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
hrvoje_hitrec	croatian novelists
hugo_vickers	people of
arto_paasilinna	finnish births
mohan_deep	living people
alice_mcdermott	american women
mykola_kulish	ukrainian from
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
danton_remoto	filipino births
cea_sunrise_person	canadian from
diamond_shumsher_rana	20th-century deaths
aldous_huxley	english from
dietrich_schwanitz	german births
danny_fingeroth	american comics
paul_groussac	french deaths
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
harold_bell_wright	american from
mary_craig_sinclair	people deaths
beth_schwartz	american television birth
aaron_elkins	american american novelists
harold_preece	american from
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
friedrich_christian_delius	german from
avram_davidson	american american novelists
else_ury	german deaths
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
armstrong_sperry	american from
mohammad-reza_shafiei_kadkani	iranian from
michael_dorfman	israeli jews
dave_eggers	american american
diana_e.h.russell	south african
bonnie_mark	american television birth
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
mary_hooper_:author	19th-century women writers
pierre_rabhi	living births
chitra_fernando	sri lankan
harry_sinclair_drago	american from
helena_cobban	british of
norm_augustinus	american of
harriet_elizabeth_prescott_spofford	american american
bill_oddie	english educated
barbara_delinsky	21st-century women novelists
nikos_perakis	living people
percival_everett	american american
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
ritchie_perry	21st-century women novelists
brian_cox_:director	american film
bernard_werber	french french novelists
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
robert_cohen_:writer	canadian of
nellie_hermann	21st-century american novelists
pinki_virani	indian from
raziel_reid	canadian from
briane_nasimok	australian of is
homer_eon_flint	american american short
eva_strittmatter	german women writers
michael_chamberlain	australian from
p._craig_russell	american comics
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
augustus_jessopp	english deaths
constance_dejong	american births
bob_haney	american age
daniel_woodrell	american from novelists
bogart_rogers	american from
franz_kafka	austrian births
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
dick_king-smith	english of
pravrajika_vrajaprana	american women writers
myriam_joire	canadian births
brett_harvey_:director	year of birth
alexander_prokhanov	russian writers
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
may_cutler	canadian women
eric_muspratt	australian from
allie_esiri	english births
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
filipp_nefyodov	russian deaths
mícheál_lally	living births
monique_polak	canadian women writers
perry_rosemond	canadian from
muhammad_al-maghut	syrian deaths
chris_lynch	american from novelists
robert_d.cardona	american television
dan_vyleta	canadian from
neil_druckmann	american comics
robert_olen_butler	american american
aaron_paquette	canadian from
carol_matas	canadian women writers
amber_dawn	21st-century women
francis_stuart	irish deaths
mons_lie_:writer	20th-century short
bill_bauer_:poet	canadian from
claude_bessy_:writer	french male
peter_stursberg	canadian of
andrew_lam	american american
i.k.k.menon	indian indian
norm_augustinus	american of
david_crouse	american short
hrishikesh_sulabh	indian male
pyotr_gnedich	russian russian
raphaële_bidault-waddington	french people
henry_clark_barlow	english male
augusto_monterroso	guatemalan short
ben_stein	american male
anne_hopkins_aitken	american from
fulgencio_argüelles	spanish births
hisham_matar	american of
ortensio_mauro	year writers
hanne_ørstavik	21st-century women writers
barbu_ștefănescu_delavrancea	romanian from
mike_reiss	american television writers
antoine_rédier	french male
dhirubhai_thaker	indian from
martin_lings	english of
ehsan_masood	british of
marita_bonner	american american
r._k._narayan	indian from
michel_vinaver	french french
obert_skye	american of birth
dianne_nelson	american short
nigoghos_sarafian	armenian deaths
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
musa_anter	people deaths
rafael_grugman	russian writers
marion_chesney	21st-century women fiction
henry_marie_brackenridge	american deaths
friedrich_von_sallet	german from
robert_dean_frisbie	american from
alberto_arbasino	italian births
george_washington_moon	19th-century deaths
andy_borowitz	american from
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
elizabeth_hoy	people romantic birth missing
cynthia_ozick	american american
david_icke	english of
melinda_hammond	year of birth
melanie_guile	australian children's
david_crane_:producer	american from
milly_witkop	german births
ehsan_masood	british of
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
merna_summers	canadian women novelists
rick_remender	american comics
félix_morisseau-leroy	20th-century dramatists
bahadir_kaleagasi	turkish births
olivier_cadiot	french french
anne_coventry,_countess_of_coventry_:1673-1763	people women writers
anne_fortier	21st-century women novelists
octavio_cordero_palacios_:writer	ecuadorian novelists
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
marti_leimbach	21st-century women novelists
mikal_sylten	norwegian births
rebecca_solnit	american women
claire_keegan	21st-century short
manuel_díaz_rodríguez	marc births is is a writer writer and and
richard_bartle	british people
dmitry_grigorovich	russian russian
al_feldstein	american from
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
emerenz_meier	19th-century women
franci_cerar	year of birth
antoine_de_rivarol	french french
francine_prose	american american novelists
francis_birrell	irish births
damon_lindelof	american television
azalaïs_d'arbaud	french deaths
nazir_ahmad_dehlvi	indian from
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
hannah_more	english women
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
chris_broadribb	20th-century women writers
george_woodcock	canadian from
hannah_mary_rothschild	english of
elena_puw_morgan	20th-century women
donna_andrews_:author	american women novelists
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
gish_jen	american short short
crystal_wilkinson	american american
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
robert_j.burch	american american novelists
g.a.kulkarni	indian from
rhoda_shipman	american comics
melinda_m._snodgrass	20th-century american novelists
rob_roberge	year of birth
meredith_averill	american television
margaret_mayo_:children's_author	english women writers
mary_brave_bird	american deaths
george_k.mannickarottu	indian births
champat_rai_jain	people births
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
han_sorya	20th-century births
pier_antonio_quarantotti_gambini	italian italian
monica_gesue	living comics
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
miriam_roth	american people
aurora_levins_morales	american american
george_jonas	canadian from
hannah_mary_rothschild	english of
david_goldschmid	american television writers
caleb_crain	american of
raymond_abrashkin	american from
nikos_perakis	living people
marie_ferrarella	american women novelists
ginn_hale	american american short
rasul_rza	azerbaijani from
henriette_arendt	swedish women
corsino_fortes	cape verdean
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
pier_antonio_quarantotti_gambini	italian italian
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
oskar_rosenfeld	austrian jews
meindert_dejong	american american
e.m.granger_bennett	canadian canadian novelists
anabel_ochoa	spanish births
errol_fuller	british male
gail_giles	american of birth
connie_booth	american from
bill_long_:writer	irish births
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
paul_heyse	german german
dorothea_macheiner	austrian women writers
nancy_werlin	american women novelists
richard_steele	19th-century of
aziz_nesin	turkish births
paul_genesse	american american
antónio_gonçalves_de_bandarra	portuguese births
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
assaf_inbari	israeli novelists
glendon_swarthout	american american
nicola_lagioia	italian italian
otto_rahn	people births
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
graham_swift	english male
mary_ann_rundall	people births
peter_simpson_:writer	new of
radhika_herzberger	indian writers
penny_jordan	20th-century women novelists
dorothy_mackie_low	20th-century of novelists
angie_abdou	21st-century canadian novelists
damian_barr	people of
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
andrew_grant_:writer	british of
quentin_crisp	english male
christine_miscione	21st-century women novelists
michael_rowbotham	living people
mosse_jørgensen	norwegian births
georges_ribemont-dessaignes	french french
danny_bilson	american television
george_tofan	romanian from
albert_tam	hong births
frieda_friedman	american children's
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
corrina_wycoff	american short
bill_carter	american film directors
peter_kosminsky	english male
heleen_mees	japanese births
ed_earl_repp	american american short
c.d.payne	american american novelists
nicolas_falacci	american television writers
ahmed_deedat	south african
alexander_grin	russian male
ethel_portnoy	dutch deaths
mohammad_karamudini	iranian people
edward_bloor	american american novelists
norman_grubb	english births
eugène_mouton	french male
craig_walker_:writer	canadian male
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
mary_stolz	american women novelists
doris_piserchia	american women novelists
marv_goldberg	american people
regina_doman	21st-century women
hernando_burgos-soto	canadian from
georges_belmont	french french
andré_aciman	american american
davor_domazet-lošo	turkish writers
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
mohammad-reza_mahdavi_kani	people from
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
füruzan	turkish people
rajzel_żychlińsky	american american
deborah_a.miranda	american american
chris_joseph_:writer/artist	hong comics
derek_jewell	british deaths
alan_cheuse	american american short
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
p._balachandran	indian male
peter_d._sieruta	american from
arno_camenisch	swiss births
amanda_havard	american women novelists
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
cash_markman	year of birth
mary_grannan	canadian women novelists
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
minna_canth	19th-century women
henry_avray_tipping	english deaths
charles_newman_:author	american from
ehsan_masood	british of
abdul_qavi_desnavi	indian from
edward_l.youmans	american from
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
brian_michael_bendis	american from
paul_goma	romanian essayists
out_el_kouloub	19th-century deaths
amarkant	indian writers
géza_gárdonyi	chilean deaths
anne_de_la_roche-guilhem	french women writers
michael_j._weithorn	american television
espen_klouman_høiner	norwegian from
nathan_filer	british births
namini_subrahmanyam_naidu	living people
hasan_azizul_huq	bangladeshi of
adrian_cristobal	people births
maura_johnston	american women writers
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
alexis_nolent	living births
hsiao-hung_pai	british of
matthias_politycki	german women
multatuli	dutch deaths
greg_r.fishbone	american male
gertrude_bell	english of
maureen_howard	american american
hiroshi_mori_:writer	japanese japanese
christopher_levett	english deaths
fredrik_bajer	people deaths
celeste_ng	american from of
neville_cardus	english of
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
gregor_collins	american from
e.c.myers	american american novelists
dumitru_matcovschi	moldovan writers
amanda_mckittrick_ros	19th-century births
norman_douglas	english of
federico_gamboa	mexican deaths
nathan_fielder	canadian from
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
mato_lovrak	20th-century novelists
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
mary_hartwell_catherwood	american from
aly_monroe	english births novelists
greg_garrett_:writer	american of
nan_fairbrother	people deaths
margery_allingham	20th-century women novelists
alan_barnes_:writer	year of birth
alex_beam	american of
claude_bourdet	german from
alexander_levitov	russian russian
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
g.k.govinda_rao	indian of
don_roff	american male novelists
paullina_simons	writers from
martín_caparrós	argentine births
ahmed_muradbegović	bosnia and
charles_lamb	english births
alex_leslie	21st-century women novelists
beatríz_peniche_barrera	mexican women writers
edwin_cerio	italian italian
ann_grocott	australian women
elizabeth_graver	21st-century american novelists
g.k.govinda_rao	indian of
giannina_braschi	american women
d.c.kizhakemuri	indian from
richard_mark_elson	living people
p._d._james	english of
michael_herr	american from
hirotaka_tobi	japanese japanese
marcus_mclaurin	michael j. is is an american writer and and
christabel_bielenberg	people deaths
cathleen_with	canadian canadian novelists
alija_isaković	bosnia from
hu_yepin	20th-century deaths
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
bruce_feiler	american from
cynthia_enloe	21st-century women writers
max_gallo	french people
claire_mowat	canadian women writers
phiroz_mehta	people of
anne_hocking	20th-century women writers
alissa_york	canadian women novelists
arturo_lanocita	italian births
anna_seghers	german of
donna_tartt	american women
chintha_lakshmi_sinhaarachchi	sri lankan
ante_kovačić	people deaths
françois_duprat	french births
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
hovhannes_tumanyan	armenian armenian
dennis_denisoff	canadian from
daniel_lipman	american of birth
emily_holton	canadian canadian
buck_peterson	american of birth
chris_campanioni	mexican births
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
anuradha_ramanan	20th-century women
gyles_brandreth	english of
daniel_dickey	american of
marjorie_morgan	20th-century women writers
andre_norton	american american novelists
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
amrit_rai	indian from
phyllis_reynolds_naylor	american from novelists
alexander_herzen	russian russian
bret_hart	canadian from
david_h.goodman	american television writers
michael_harris_:editor	canadian canadian
gene_hong	american television writers
richard_g._rosner	american from
paul_zacharia	indian indian
arthur_c.clarke	english from
michael_gilbert	british of
robert_eagle_:filmmaker	british births
douglas_messerli	american male novelists
nigel_rodgers	english from
robert_beauvais	french deaths
anatoly_kasheida	ukrainian from
regina_doman	21st-century women
geneviève_brisac	french french
ian_ridpath	people of
michael_blumlein	american american novelists
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
mohamed_driss	british of
ian_casocot	people births
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
pol_van_den_driessche	living births
mouloud_mammeri	people births
camille_lemonnier	belgian deaths
paul_brodeur	american male
dan_chaon	american american novelists
marsha_canham	canadian women writers
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
dallas_john_baker	australian short story
bawa_balwant	20th-century from
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
agnes_hewes	american from
beverley_nambozo	21st-century women
gwynne_williams	year of birth missing
margaret_yorke	20th-century births novelists
alexandre_astier	french male
david_e.kelley	american television
meghan_o'rourke	american women
aleš_berger	slovenian from
richard_hakluyt	english deaths
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
paul_anderson_:uk_writer	living people
eric_forsberg	american male
danny_hoch	american from
montgomery_pittman	american from
girija_keer	marathi-language births
marie_ferrarella	american women novelists
bertram_brooker	canadian from
ponsonby_ogle	english deaths
nagavally_r._s._kurup	indian film
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
mons_lie_:writer	20th-century short
maria_kuncewiczowa	people births
mark_bence-jones	people of
arthur_findlay	people deaths
erich_kulka	austrian deaths
elizabeth_tyrwhitt	english of writers
melissa_bradshaw	english of
barry_webster_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
c.b.colby	american from
dan_amrich	american from
adel_al-hussain	american births
phyllis_a._whitney	american women
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
gabriela_brimmer	mexican births
blaize_clement	american women novelists
mikhail_dostoyevsky	russian russian
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
pietro_di_donato	american from
melissa_panarello	italian people
olof_lagercrantz	swedish swedish
mitradev_mahanta	indian from
p._d._james	english of
adelaide_manning	english women writers
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
brian_leyden	irish irish
coleman_jacoby	american from
david_jubermann	new zealand zealand
anwaar_ahmad	pakistani of
gonzalo_suárez	spanish male
michael_jackson_:writer	english educated
david_carpenter_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
märta_tikkanen	swedish writers
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
david_fisher_:writer	british births
max_kase	american from
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
margot_arce_de_vázquez	puerto rican
peter_ho_davies	british of
hélène_vachon	canadian canadian
dharanidhar_sahu	indian writers
nina_berberova	russian russian
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
rashaan_nall	american male
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
derrick_white_:politician	people of
ramaranjan_mukherji	indian writers
omar_ben_salem	people births
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
miriam_toews	canadian from
dan_flores	american from
ed_husain	british of
eldridge_cleaver	american from
ewa_białołęcka	21st-century women fiction
rené_galand	french births
christine_brückner	german women
david_horowitz	american from
gábor_görgey	hungarian from
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
ben_sokolowski	year television birth
ram_sarup_ankhi	indian from
christopher_cook_:writer	american male
chen_ran	20th-century ran
michelle_cartlidge	living people
beatrice_lamwaka	ugandan women
rene_denfeld	21st-century of writers
punaloor_balan	indian from
claude_roger-marx	french french
chuck_philips	american from
drago_jančar	slovenian from
gerry_hassan	british of
angelo_lo_jacono	italian deaths
peter_nichols	english male
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
howard_w.bergerson	american from
douglas_messerli	american male novelists
hector_c.macpherson	scottish deaths
maria_benedita_bormann	brazilian women
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
harriot_eaton_stanton_blatch	american from
caroline_healey_dall	american american
franz_kafka	austrian births
moshe_pearlman	israeli deaths
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
abdizhamil_karimuly_nurpeisov	people deaths
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
hans_krieger	german german
richard_appignanesi	canadian canadian
olen_steinhauer	american american novelists
charlie_angus	canadian from
maurice_nadeau	french deaths
paula_cwikly	american television writers
richard_bruce_nugent	american from
adele_megann	21st-century women short
oh_jung-hee	living births
perihan_mağden	turkish people
bruce_kalish	american television
ed_cullen	american from
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
berdy_kerbabayev	people deaths
guy_lyon_playfair	english births
anne_sayre	american women
nasir_abbas_nayyar	pakistani births
christine_adamo	french women writers
paul_heyse	german german
francis_foster_barham	english births
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
peter_stanford	english births
chris_lynch	american from novelists
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
amy_wright_:writer	american women
robert_satloff	american from
aurelio_espinosa_pólit	20th-century novelists
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
pablo_illanes	chilean births
georgi_pulevski	people deaths
claudiu_teohari	romanian births
michael_vatikiotis	american from
matt_reeves	american television
carolyn_reeder	american women novelists
branislav_crnčević	serbian deaths
christopher_moore_:author	american american novelists
antoine-joseph_pernety	french deaths
alexander_neverov	russian male
ilse_aichinger	austrian deaths
meinolf_finke	german births
franca_treur	dutch dutch
david_m.alexander	american american novelists
richard_c._meredith	american american short
pedro_garcía_cabrera	spanish male
peter_hessler	american births
antonio_corma	spanish births
eugen_kumičić	croatian novelists
radoje_domanović	serbian deaths
charles_newman_:author	american from
rajnarayan_basu	bengali writers
george_nafziger	american from
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
rob_neyer	american births
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
bernard_goldberg	american from
anna_bartlett_warner	american from
peter_nichols	english male
abdul_qavi_desnavi	indian from
quincy_coleman_:singer	living people
alda_merini	italian women writers
nina_burleigh	american of
dmitry_gorchakov	russian male
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
andrej_hieng	slovenian from
carol_emshwiller	american american short
fiona_mcgregor	australian women writers
augustin_hamon	french deaths
david_milch	american from
etienne_leroux	south deaths
matthew_randazzo_v	american births
charles_gordon_:journalist	canadian canadian
garson_kanin	american male novelists
nicholas_rankin	english births
phyllis_reynolds_naylor	american from novelists
giorgio_nadali	italian births
david_nobbs	english educated
markus_hediger	swiss from
natalie_minardi_slater	american television writers
brian_cleeve	irish from
frédéric_mistral	19th-century french
andrei_strâmbeanu	moldovan writers
ahlam_mosteghanemi	people births
donna_andrews_:author	american women novelists
athénaïs_michelet	french women
ralph_fletcher	american american
fernanda_eberstadt	21st-century women novelists
fernando_sabino	brazilian novelists
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
félix_evaristo_mejía	dominican republic
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
eric_marcus	american from
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
antonio_muñoz_molina	spanish births
mikhail_artsybashev	russian male
paul_jennings_:australian_author	australian australian
donald_e.westlake	american american novelists
elizabeth_enright	american from
bas_kast	german male
qudrat_ullah_shahab	pakistani of
alden_jones	american from
abbas_el-zein	japanese births
pamela_brooks	21st-century women novelists
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
daedalus_howell	american from
philippe_langlois	people births
david_pinski	20th-century deaths
august_derleth	american american novelists
caro_ramsay	year of birth
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
bonnie_macbird	american of writers
bagrat_ulubabyan	people deaths
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
michael_lind	american from
mitchell_burgess	american television writers
gretel_ehrlich	american american
nick_bakay	american male
hector_c.macpherson	scottish deaths
hans_fallada	german deaths
caleb_crain	american of
bettina_von_arnim	german deaths
bill_oddie	english educated
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
patil_puttappa	indian births
mícheál_ó_súilleabháin_:writer	living people birth
ben_stein	american male
adam_kuckhoff	german german
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
neal_brennan	american television
bob_drury	american male
bruce_c.mckenna	american television
mary_hoffman	21st-century women novelists
bruce_bawer	american from
hugh_mcilvanney	british of
charles_officer	canadian from
david_means	american of
rick_copp	american from
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
antón_losada_diéguez	italian writers
dimitrija_čupovski	people deaths
r._c._lehmann	people of
hélène_vachon	canadian canadian
david_bergman_:american_writer	american male
paul_magrs	english science
bill_conall	canadian canadian
peter_sotos	american people
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
mercer_simpson	people of
cheryl_kaye_tardif	canadian women writers
robert_cohen_:writer	canadian of
harry_lawton	american from
brenda_walker	australian women
mary_robison	american american
alice_dayrell_caldeira_brant	brazilian deaths
eva_strittmatter	german women writers
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
robert_ames_bennet	american american novelists
bill_oddie	english educated
peter_stone	american from
ayi_kwei_armah	american people
ian_frazier	american from
h.r.percy	canadian male novelists
maria_benedita_bormann	brazilian women
davida_wills_hurwin	american of birth
nagavarma_i	indian from
evan_beloff	canadian television writers
bill_james	american from
agnes_herbert	british of
anuraadha_tewari	indian from
henry_poulaille	french deaths
reuben_gold_thwaites	american from
dan_rhodes	people of
alexios_schandermani	iranian births
eugène_mouton	french male
myron_sharaf	american of
bohdan_pawłowicz	israeli deaths
opal_tometi	american of writers
clara_royer	people of birth
charlotta_frölich	19th-century births
paul_cornell	english women
adam_gollner	canadian of writers
paul_rohrbach	german births
delia_grigore	romanian from
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
danny_casolaro	american from
alexandra_sellers	american of birth
evelyn_waugh	english of
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
alaya_dawn_johnson	american women novelists
ben_stein	american male
paula_broadwell	american from
rick_copp	american from
glyn_parry_:author	australian births
horace_mccoy	american from
george_ade	american american
paul_levitz	american comics
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
michael_krüger_:writer	german women
pingali_nagendrarao	indian from
marianne_csaky	writers from
beatrice_lamwaka	ugandan women
cezaro_rossetti	scottish of
a.a.gill	british of
margret_kopala	canadian from
allan_sherman	american from
guy_hocquenghem	french french
david_bergman_:american_writer	american male
božidar_novak	singaporean births
rené_marqués	puerto rican
herman_rosenblat	american deaths
faturananda	people from
amir_hosein_fardi	iranian births
emmanuèle_bernheim	french french writers
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
doric_germain	canadian male
eriks_ādamsons	20th-century deaths
brett_harvey_:director	year of birth
najmadeen_mala	people deaths
donna_tartt	american women
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
allie_bates	american women novelists
charles_phillip_brown	indian writers
beverley_nambozo	21st-century women
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
e.v.krishna_pillai	indian from
david_x.cohen	american television
milo_urban	spanish writers
anthony_bidulka	canadian canadian
patricia_bernard	21st-century women writers
neal_shusterman	american american novelists
enid_blyton	20th-century women novelists
george_moreby_acklom	british births
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
paul_mccusker	american from
alan_dean_foster	american american novelists
gyula_krúdy	hungarian from
maria_valtorta	german births
bo_ma	living births
eduard_limonov	russian male
melissa_harris-perry	american from
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
milly_witkop	german births
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
bill_kaysing	american births
martin_van_beynen	21st-century from
nadia_wheatley	australian women
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
agosti_xaho	french births
malaika_wa_azania	marc wa is a a writer writer and
robert_coates_:critic	american american novelists
ravella_venkatarama_rao	indian deaths
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
igor_mandić	croatian novelists
arshag_chobanian	armenian deaths
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
patrick_marnham	english of
paul_hoffman_:business_writer	american from
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
david_chase	american television
htin_gyi	burmese from
nathan_burgoine	canadian canadian novelists
matthew_quick	american from novelists
dun_karm_psaila	people deaths
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
maría_teresa_tula	living people
duane_capizzi	marc births is is a writer writer and
marie_rudisill	american births
morris_lurie	australian australian
chip_johannessen	american television writers
mitch_cullin	american american
gail_z.martin	american women novelists
robert_gardner_:academic	canadian from
randy_powell	american american novelists
giorgio_van_straten	italian italian
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
håkon_tysdal	norwegian births
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
menelaos_lountemis	20th-century novelists
oliver_la_farge	american american
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
richard_arès	canadian from
dominique_noguez	french french novelists
franklin_d.mcdowell	canadian canadian novelists
hermann_kasack	german german
maura_penders	american television writers
catriona_sparks	australian science writers
eliza_sproat_turner	american american
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
george_william_curtis	american american
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
robert_olen_butler	american american
françois_duprat	french births
carla_lane	english from
e.m.granger_bennett	canadian canadian novelists
barbara_branden	canadian from
catherine_gasquoine_hartley	people births
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
barbara_anderson_:writer	20th-century zealand zealand
carla_lane	english from
brian_lumley	english english
eryue_he	pakistani births
michel_butor	french french
guadalupe_nettel	21st-century women
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
ian_rogers_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
agnes_morley_cleaveland	american women
ehsan_masood	british of
miguel_syjuco	living people
dennis_marks_:screenwriter	american television
henri_deberly	french french
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
francisco_laguna_correa	american births
nick_bertozzi	american comics
dan_guterman	american of writers
anuraadha_tewari	indian from
barry_chamish	canadian from
hossein_sanapour	iranian births
a.a.phillips	australian from
eileen_wilks	american women novelists
paul_goma	romanian essayists
grigory_baklanov	russian short
martin_walser	german from
daniel_tammet	english of
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
rasmus_steinsvik	norwegian births
arthur_frederick_jones	american of
david_barr_kirtley	american american novelists
davida_wills_hurwin	american of birth
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
bill_prady	american television
christopher_belton	21st-century of
nathan_burgoine	canadian canadian novelists
alan_cheuse	american american short
arnold_drake	american comics
cuthbert_hamilton-ellis	people deaths
donald_lowrie	american from
didi_menosi	israeli jews
rebecca_walker	american women
dan_lusthaus	american of
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
anna-clara_tidholm	20th-century women writers
gérard_de_villiers	french deaths
ali_el-maak	20th-century deaths
andrew_williams_:novelist	people of
daniel_oster	french births
peter_ho_davies	british of
mark_aldanov	russian male
andersen_gabrych	american male
desmond_hogan	irish short
nancy_french	american women writers
barney_simon	south african
enzo_fileno_carabba	italian births writers
alfred_masson-forestier	french french
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
charlotte_higgins	english births
david_bezmozgis	canadian from
richard_glatzer	american from
adam_schefter	american from
dhanashree_halbe	filipino births
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
brian_nankervis	australian television
niloufar_talebi	american of
maxim_kalashnikov	russian births
arthur_golden	american from
marion_halligan	australian women writers
reginald_hudlin	american film
nathuram_premi	indian deaths
rajko_perušek	slovenian writers
robert_chiappetta	american television writers
eve_zaremba	canadian women
bergljot_hobæk_haff	20th-century women writers
clive_barker	lgbt male
deborah_tall	american women
min_lu	burmese writers
naira_gelashvili	people novelists
annie_vivanti	italian women
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
dale_brown	american from
mike_scully	american television writers
narayan_ghosh_mita	bangladeshi of is
carol_windley	canadian canadian novelists
n._khelchandra_singh	indian from
danton_remoto	filipino births
bruno_bernard_:writer	belgian births
francis_x.king	place of birth missing
andrés_caicedo	male short
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
etienne_leroux	south deaths
giulio_angioni	italian italian
dorothy_mackie_low	20th-century of novelists
chris_rafferty	american television writers
dave_smeds	american american short
colin_thompson	english births
bas_kast	german male
cherry_potter	year of birth
robert_hutchinson_:author	living people
hélène_vachon	canadian canadian
dorothea_ann_thrupp	people births
gerald_reece	english of
grigory_adamov	russian male
gilbert_king_:author	american from
carol_mendelsohn	american television writers
michael_lisicky	american from
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
charles_howe_:writer	people deaths
michael_j._tougias	american people
charlotta_frölich	19th-century births
matthew_tobin_anderson	american american novelists
deviprasad_dwivedi	indian writers
qustaki_al-himsi	ottoman deaths
german_sadulaev	russian male
maria_aurora_couto	indian women
rené_belletto	french french
edmond_hamilton	american comics
franz_lidz	american from
garci_sánchez_de_badajoz	spanish births
neil_innes	english births
bess_meredyth	american from
greg_bear	american american novelists
adam_gopnik	american from
giulia_enders	german women writers
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
abdón_ubidia	male short story
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
aleksander_świętochowski	polish from
ann_hyland	british of birth
horace_kephart	american deaths
andrei_bitov	russian male
frank_bergon	american from
gábor_görgey	hungarian from
peter_grimwade	british television
peter_dubé	canadian male novelists
matija_divković	bosnia and herzegovina
al_feldstein	american from
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
miha_mazzini	slovenian from
rafael_pérez_y_pérez	spanish spanish
nikephoros_i_of_constantinople	byzantine of
odd_eidem	norwegian births
henrik_pontoppidan	ecuadorian deaths
robert_leighton_:cartoonist	living people
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
david_hoskins	year of birth
don_roff	american male novelists
africanus_horton	people births
charles_lockwood_:author	american births
gore_vidal	american from
chris_mckinney	american births
pavel_nilin	russian short
andersen_gabrych	american male
megan_morrone	american births
mark_sable	american comics
neil_druckmann	american comics
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
ayun_halliday	american from
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
guido_piovene	italian italian
anne_hampson	year romantic birth missing
michael_paul_mason	living people
gary_reed_:comics	american comics
dwayne_mcduffie	american comics
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
pinki_virani	indian from
froma_harrop	american women
craig_hickman	american from
chandra_prasad_saikia	indian from
gabriella_ambrosio	italian births
anna_piaggi	italian women
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
michealene_risley	american births
fyodor_stepun	russian deaths
matthieu_ricard	french births
fernando_argenta	spanish male
elizabeth_anne_finn	people deaths
addison_wiggin	american of birth
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
alaa_al_aswany	indonesian births
barry_cryer	english educated
nagen_saikia	indian indian
robert_frazier_:writer	american science short
marie_majerová	20th-century novelists
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
rashad_haughton	american births
carlos_franqui	brazilian births
cissy_van_marxveldt	dutch births
henry_herbert,_3rd_earl_of_carnarvon	english of
elaine_coffman	american romantic novelists
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
reidar_thomassen	norwegian norwegian
ahmad_kamyabi_mask	indian writers
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
art_edwards	american from
marianne_nunn	people births
bruce_bawer	american from
christopher_levett	english deaths
merata_kawharu	south zealand
chris_joseph_:writer/artist	hong comics
peter_coleman	australian of
donald_j.sobol	american from
rafael_sabatini	english births
nathan_fielder	canadian from
ragnar_frislid	norwegian norwegian
hal_clement	american science novelists
elyse_gasco	canadian canadian novelists
pat_jordan_:author	american braves
gustaw_herling-grudziński	polish from
francisco_gregorio_billini	dominican republic
maría_luisa_elío	spanish from
heinz_politzer	american jews
adam_kotsko	american from
anne_fortier	21st-century women novelists
alfred_gissing	english of
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
najat_el_hachmi	spanish births
robert_blees	american from
qiu_jin	people births
maría_cadilla	puerto rican
peter_gibson_:writer	american male
henry_kreisel	canadian male novelists
petar_kočić	bosnia and herzegovina
harriot_eaton_stanton_blatch	american from
crystal_wilkinson	american american
mary_austin_holley	american births
alan_moore	english births
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
howard_norman	american of
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
george_monbiot	british of
marita_bonner	american american
erik_larsen	american comics
michel_dard	french births
oscar_alfaro	people deaths
mark_shand	people of
patricia_maclachlan	american from novelists
olivier_weber	french french
angel_kyodo_williams	american women
arsen_revazov	russian writers
raimund_hermann_siegfried_moltke	german deaths
devon_lehr	american of birth
enzo_siciliano	italian male
richard_leonard	people of
agnes_sligh_turnbull	american from
olivia_coolidge	american births
francis_george_fowler	english births
cleve_cartmill	american american novelists
gary_crew	australian births writers
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
bill_nuss	place of birth
arandzar	ottoman deaths
octavio_paz	mexican women
e.haldeman-julius	chilean deaths
mikey_walsh	english births
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
barbara_paul	american american novelists
mary_hooper_:author	19th-century women writers
alma_katsu	21st-century women novelists
funahashi_seiichi	japanese births
brenda_webster	21st-century american
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
carlos_trillo	people writers
mark_budz	american american novelists
antonio_ungar	slovenian births
aaron_becker	american from
helene_hanff	american women
morten_piil	living births
peter_altenberg	austrian deaths
byron_preiss	american from
heather_mcgowan	american women
george_washington_moon	19th-century deaths
pietro_di_donato	american from
gurdial_singh	indian from
athénaïs_michelet	french women
frank_bartleman	american births
pai_hsien-yung	people people
andrej_blatnik	slovenian from
emanuel_litvinoff	english from
philip_pullman	english of
bill_oddie	english educated
peter_kovačič_peršin	slovenian births
margery_sharp	english women writers
georgi_vladimov	russian writers
phil_pepe	american deaths
bill_carter	american film directors
brandon_friedman	american from
robert_mccrum	english of
abubakar_imam	south of
anne_mcallister	american romantic novelists
giulio_cesare_croce	italian italian
harve_pierre	american deaths
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
connie_willis	american american novelists
robert_fisk	people of
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
peter_gibbs_:cricketer	english educated
grete_gulbransson	20th-century births writers
hugh_howey	american american novelists
george_woodcock	canadian from
margi_preus	american women writers
giulia_enders	german women writers
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
andy_hunt_:author	american births
benedict_kiely	irish irish
diamond_shumsher_rana	20th-century deaths
mehmed_kapetanović	bosnia and herzegovina
edward_mcwade	american male
millôr_fernandes	brazilian dramatists
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
mike_albo	american from
bishwanath_ghosh	indian from
angeline_hango	canadian women novelists
douglas_murray_:author	people of
rictor_norton	american from
francis_seow	singaporean of
norman_rush	american american novelists
meridel_le_sueur	american women
mohammadreza_bayrami	iranian births
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
hertha_pohl	austrian births
matt_brandstein	american comics
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
mary_butts	english women
hari_krishna_devsare	indian writers
pearl_s._buck	american from
beatrice_harraden	english women
ashley_bryan	american from
p._m._taj	indian male
maxime_du_camp	french french
helen_corke	20th-century women
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
delight_evans	american of
paul_kidd	australian short story
elisabeth_de_mariaffi	canadian women novelists
fiona_mcintosh_:fencer	scottish of
akira_yoshimura	japanese births
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
boris_vasilyev_:writer	russian male
dino_stamatopoulos	american television
gideon_joubert	south african
gonzalo_suárez	spanish male
daniel_handler	american male
chantal_thomas	french women writers
gavin_extence	english male
robert_l.fish	american american novelists
maurice_champagne	french male
g.k.chesterton	english male
peter_laird	american comics
matthew_schreuder	australian from
barry_michael_harman	american from
rob_ledonne	living people
nastaran_ahmadi	american from
antonio_galdo	italian births
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
harry_sinclair_drago	american from
rande_gail_brown	american of writers
albert_cossery	20th-century novelists
amina_mama	21st-century of
ann_chamberlin	21st-century women novelists
glendon_swarthout	american american
arthur_drews	german deaths
paul_zacharia	indian indian
clifford_bax	english from
martin_r._dean	living people
matija_bećković	serbian of
pablo_de_jérica	spanish births
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
nan_chauncy	australian from
penny_jordan	20th-century women novelists
chris_thompson_:tv_producer	american television
radovan_brenkus	living people
gilbert_gerard_:theological_writer	scottish of
elias_abu_shabaki	dutch deaths
mary_wibberley	english women novelists
giovanni_testori	italian male
craig_wayans	american male
claude_aveline	french french
elsa_kazi	pakistani births
michel_verne	french french novelists
allie_bates	american women novelists
i.d.du_plessis	south african
desmond_hogan	irish short
michael_vatikiotis	american from
aya_tanimura	australian women writers
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
gary_burns_:director	canadian of
g.k.chesterton	english male
nuala_ní_chonchúir	irish women
han_malsook	south writers
raoul_vaneigem	belgian births
ben_sherwood	american from
edith_ranum	norwegian women
david_rakoff	american american
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
piri_thomas	american american
doug_moench	american comics
avram_davidson	american american novelists
gregg_bordowitz	american births
carolyn_males	american women novelists
erich_loest	german from
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
aquiles_nazoa	venezuelan from
bohdan_pawłowicz	israeli deaths
fran_ilich	lgbt births
maria_koleva	french births
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
moderata_fonte	italian women
eric_wilson_:suspense_writer	american of
manthia_diawara	marc deaths is a a writer writer and
dale_carnegie	american from
marti_leimbach	21st-century women novelists
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
peter_stanford	english births
mark_clifton	american american novelists
george_calderon	english of
pietari_päivärinta	finnish births
darin_strauss	american american
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
gail_palmer	american births
margaret_maron	american women novelists
n._richard_nash	american male novelists
marta_kauffman	american male
namwali_serpell	american people
eve_zaremba	canadian women
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
mia_couto	20th-century short
maurissa_tancharoen	american from
paul_reed_:writer	american american
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
panio_gianopoulos	american of
aidan_higgins	irish short
chantal_renaud	canadian from
giuliana_morandini	italian italian
august_derleth	american american novelists
boudewijn_büch	dutch deaths
attia_hosain	indian from
gale_wilhelm	american american
andy_luckey	american from
claudiu_teohari	romanian births
daniil_andreyev	russian male
dave_eggers	american american
harold_brodkey	american from
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
barbara_wood	american women novelists
melissa_lucashenko	australian women
alexandru_bantoș	moldovan writers
chandra_kumar_agarwala	asom from
h.g.wells	english of
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
han_sorya	20th-century births
david_patrick_:writer	people births
charles_perez	american from
carl_wilhelm_böttiger	swedish swedish
patrick_jennings_:writer	american american novelists
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
fulgencio_argüelles	spanish births
märta_tikkanen	swedish writers
paulo_fernando_craveiro	people people
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
aldo_busi	german births
audre_lorde	american american
beb_vuyk	20th-century women writers
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
baermann_of_limburg	german german
robert_r.reilly	american births
norman_lear	american from
gilbert_king_:author	american from
achy_obejas	american american
alice_bailey	english deaths
henriette_mantel	american from
paul_jennings_:australian_author	australian australian
dan_morgan_:writer	english births
richard_b._spencer	american from
rachel_kushner	21st-century american novelists
bergljot_hobæk_haff	20th-century women writers
mirko_javornik	slovenian from
nathan_fielder	canadian from
alexander_roda_roda	austrian deaths
mark_forsyth	english births
nick_joaquin	belgian births
aage_borchgrevink	norwegian norwegian
pavel_ivanovich_melnikov	imperial russian
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
neil_mossey	british people
danny_bilson	american television
nicolas_chamfort	19th-century french
michael_i._wagner	american television
frank_skinner	english educated
alison_weir	british of
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
charles_alden_seltzer	american american novelists
félix_luna	argentine births
max_picard	german births
alan_j.porter	english of
friedrich_huch	german deaths
charlotte_zolotow	american women
marv_wolfman	american comics
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
adam_warren_:comics	american comics
hervé_bazin	french french
anar_rzayev	azerbaijani azerbaijani
christy_brown	irish deaths
henry_r.evans	american from
philippe_de_commines	french male
monica_edwards	20th-century women writers
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
muriel_draper	american women
ng_yi-sheng	singaporean people
carol_dunlop	canadian from
edward_ormondroyd	american of novelists
greg_bear	american american novelists
henry_jones_:writer	english births
glenn_rockowitz	american from
nic_kelman	american male
nancy_werlin	american women novelists
clive_barker	lgbt male
claude_ribbe	french births
dalia_sofer	american of
peg_lynch	american from
graham_hancock	british writers
max_blecher	romanian novelists
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
alojzy_lysko	people from
melesina_trench	irish women
mağjan_jumabayev	people deaths
ngan_xuyen	spanish births
amber_benson	american women writers
bohumil_hrabal	austrian births
duane_swierczynski	american american novelists
myriam_joire	canadian births
barry_unsworth	english of
phillip_sandifer	american births
maureen_howard	american american
nanae_aoyama	japanese births
amos_oz	israeli novelists
michael_a._burstein	american american short
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
alan_campbell_:screenwriter	american from
moira_kirland	american television writers
aleksey_chapygin	russian short
mohammad-ja'far_pouyandeh	iranian writers
margaret_stuart_barry	living births
gemma_o'connor_:writer	20th-century women
avasarala_ramakrishna_rao	indian indian
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
michaeley_o'brien	living of birth
dwayne_wayans	american male
claudine_monteil	french women
renan_demirkan	spanish from
duane_simolke	american from
indra_bahadur_rai	people births
maria_elizabetha_jacson	19th-century women writers
rick_copp	american from
derren_litten	english male
mark_evans_:comedian/writer	british of
rafael_arévalo_martínez	guatemalan women
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
earl_thompson_:author	american from
gunnar_staalesen	norwegian women novelists
norman_franks	people births
daniel-rops	french french
polina_suslova	russian russian
douglas_adams	english from
aaron_elkins	american american novelists
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
rafael_nieves	american comics
ragnar_frislid	norwegian norwegian
n_prabhakaran	20th-century male
g.k.chesterton	english male
pu_songling	iranian from
georgi_karaslavov	people deaths
gisele_lagace	canadian comics
patrick_white	australian short
e.b.white	american from
monika_zgustová	living women
rabina_khan	british of
michael_carroll_:american_writer	21st-century of
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
mervyn_peake	english from
boris_pahor	people of
francis_marrash	ottoman deaths
cameron_mcallister	british television
arthur_arnould	french deaths
barrie_jean_borich	21st-century women writers
ilya_tolstoy	russian russian
harlan_greene	american american
hans_jæger	norwegian deaths
fredrika_bremer	swedish swedish
adam_kazimierz_czartoryski	recipients of the
a.m.homes	american american
dolen_perkins-valdez	21st-century of novelists
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
min_theinkha	burmese writers
eleanor_wachtel	canadian of
adolf_fischhof	people male
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
agata_tuszyńska	people deaths
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
per_hohle	norwegian births
angeliki_palli	italian italian
peter_laird	american comics
michael_jackson_:writer	english educated
giorgio_faletti	italian births
amber_dawn	21st-century women
clive_barker	lgbt male
darrell_schweitzer	american american short
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
georgi_vladimov	russian writers
athénaïs_michelet	french women
martin_segon	serbian of
norbert_blei	american american novelists
christina_vella	american from
peter_lovesey	english short
bettina_von_arnim	german deaths
david_ruprecht	american from
petru_bogatu	moldovan writers
parnell_hall_:writer	american american novelists
regina_doman	21st-century women
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
bill_corbett	american male
alan_landsburg	american from
andrius_tapinas	lithuanian novelists
ahmad_baba_al_massufi	people births
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
margret_rey	german births
rené_boylesve	french deaths
pete_morisi	american comics
chris_allen_:author	australian births
dennis_marks_:screenwriter	american television
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
petar_zoranić	people births
amos_oz	israeli novelists
hugo_vickers	people of
eileen_wilks	american women novelists
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
boris_aprilov	polish from
mark_pryor_:author	american from
mark_pilkington_:writer	british people
riad_ismat	syrian of
dan_greenburg	american american novelists
nick_flynn	american male
r.j.ellory	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
richard_appel	american from
arthur_c.clarke	english from
olga_shapir	russian short
andrew_bovell	australian births
dale_brown	american from
panos_koutrouboussis	living people
guy_lyon_playfair	english births
daedalus_howell	american from
a.l.rees	british writers
christopher_levett	english deaths
henry_marie_brackenridge	american deaths
paula_gosling	21st-century women novelists
mark_bostridge	british of
cora_coralina	brazilian women
herbert_huncke	american from
brendan_o'carroll	irish from
om_prakash_valmiki	people births
mike_reiss	american television writers
ana_maría_shua	argentine women
alex_sheshunoff	american of
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
patricia_wilson	women romantic fiction
arthur_morrison	english english
nirmal_verma	indian from
guido_monte	italian male
constantin_göttfert	people births
deborah_a.miranda	american american
anil_menon	indian indian
marjana_gaponenko	mexican women
else_ury	german deaths
annie_vivanti	italian women
nagen_saikia	indian indian
dorothy_carrington	people of
greg_r.fishbone	american male
bill_long_:writer	irish births
christine_piper	australian from
maurice_dodd	english births
caroline_leakey	english women
eduardo_acevedo_díaz	latvian births
giulio_angioni	italian italian
catherine_storr	20th-century women novelists
colin_wilson	english english
curt_gentry	american from
clara_tschudi	norwegian deaths
marie-anne_desmarest	french women writers
daniel_nester	american from
philip_e._tetlock	canadian of
conrad_aiken	american american
honobu_yonezawa	japanese short
mike_reiss	american television writers
pearl_s._buck	american from
abdurrahman_sharafkandi	serbian writers
eli_clare	american from
margery_allingham	20th-century women novelists
cathleen_with	canadian canadian novelists
agah_efendi	ottoman deaths
germaine_greer	australian from
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
hajra_masroor	pakistani from
mohammad_karamudini	iranian people
michael_s._chernuchin	american television
peter_de_rome	american births
megan_mayhew_bergman	21st-century women writers
h.warner_munn	american american novelists
andrei_bitov	russian male
harry_hess_reichard	american births
christopher_paul_curtis	american from novelists
mary_pope_osborne	american women writers
frank_tuohy	english male
dick_king-smith	english of
epeli_hauʻofa	australian of
paul_kidd	australian short story
gregory_keyes	american american novelists
rebecca_walker	american women
conrad_aiken	american american
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
charlotte_maria_tucker	19th-century women writers
david_j.peterson	american from
maxime_du_camp	french french
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
charlotte_maria_tucker	19th-century women writers
glendon_swarthout	american american
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
charles_willeford	american from
michel_rodange	people births
chris_downey	american television writers
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
ilo_mitkë_qafëzezi	albanian albanian
gabriela_brimmer	mexican births
peter_o'donnell	english from
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
daniel_ford_:editor_and_writer	south african writers
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
marie_fouquet	french women writers
amelie_fried	german women writers
andrew_collins_:broadcaster	english male
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
ojārs_vācietis	people deaths
bernard_werber	french french novelists
félix_luna	argentine births
petar_zoranić	people births
alessandro_defilippi	year of birth
allen_varney	american from
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
fran_levstik	slovenian deaths
don_dickinson	canadian canadian novelists
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
barbara_paul	american american novelists
gustaw_herling-grudziński	polish from
nayantara_sahgal	indian women
hannah_lowe	british of
christopher_green_:author	australian women writers
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
richard_hakluyt	english deaths
mary_ward_brown	american deaths
mark_coakley	canadian from
adalbert_stifter	german german
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
gloria_lisé	argentine argentine
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
ahmed_mohamed_al-hofi	people of
guy_de_maupassant	french french
avdo_karabegović	bosnia and
richard_levinson	american television
elizabeth_wormeley_latimer	19th-century women
hu_yepin	20th-century deaths
david_benedictus	english births
acharya_chatursen_shastri	20th-century male
chōhei_kambayashi	japanese japanese
ernest_thompson	american from
pietro_citati	italian italian
gregory_norman_bossert	american american short
alexander_stepanovich_yakovlev	russian male
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
pío_moa	spanish births
molly_birnbaum	american people
nagasubramanian_chokkanathan	indian indian
maxim_gorky	russian male
buzz_dixon	american comics
glendon_swarthout	american american
grace_mann_brown	american deaths
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
barbara_margaret_trimble	20th-century women novelists
doreen_baingana	ugandan women writers
david_horowitz	american from
mike_mccoll-jones	living of birth
erik_oleson	american television writers
mika_waltari	finnish births
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
carol_lee_flinders	american from
edward_ormondroyd	american of novelists
dimitrija_čupovski	people deaths
david_hoskins	year of birth
ian_brennan_:writer	american television
dave_lowry_:martial_arts	american of
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
diriye_osman	alumni from
gary_north_:journalist	american of
martha_rofheart	american women novelists
derek_brown_:editor	british of birth
bev_sellars	canadian women writers
mark_danner	american from
abdullah_abdul_kadir	malaysian writers
colin_mcnaughton	english of
michael_harris_:editor	canadian canadian
ali_ashraf_darvishian	iranian births
hanne_ørstavik	21st-century women writers
alberto_arbasino	italian births
elsa_kazi	pakistani births
douglas_anthony_cooper	canadian canadian novelists
nancy_werlin	american women novelists
maureen_child	21st-century women novelists
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
austin_hall_:writer	american american short
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
amiri_baraka	american from
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
rene_denfeld	21st-century of writers
norman_levine	canadian canadian novelists
elsa_bernstein	20th-century concentration
devaki_nandan_khatri	people births
matthew_sturges	american comics
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
fred_bodsworth	canadian from
marie_sizun	living people
maría_esther_vázquez	argentine women
agnes_grainger_stewart	british of
nick_mcdonell	american male
chen_maiping	20th-century short
p._balachandran	indian male
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
nabarun_bhattacharya	indian of
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
ana_tena	spanish women writers
christine_adamo	french women writers
gene_deweese	american american novelists
emma_gad	people deaths
freda_cruse_atwell	american women writers
brigitte_kronauer	german women writers
deborah_tall	american women
ann_chamberlin	21st-century women novelists
henrik_pontoppidan	ecuadorian deaths
charles_newman_:author	american from
charles_perez	american from
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
olaus_magnus	16th-century deaths
danny_casolaro	american from
min_lu	burmese writers
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
raif_badawi	saudi arabian
george_joseph_gustave_masson	english deaths
merch_bradt_stewart	american from
don_l.johnson	american from
arleen_paré	canadian women
candy_dawson_boyd	american from
richard_rodriguez	american from
gwendoline_butler	20th-century women novelists
gerry_hunt	british of
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
paul_theroux	american from
adam_shand_:journalist	australian births
dave_singleton	american male
heather_lewis_:writer	american american
francis_x.king	place of birth missing
daniil_mordovtsev	russian russian
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
daniel_handler	american male
cristina_ali_farah	italian births
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
marie_rudisill	american births
carlos_yushimito	peruvian short
françois-thomas-marie_de_baculard_d'arnaud	french french
martin_boyd	australian short
punaloor_balan	indian from
arjen_lubach	dutch births
charles_stross	english science fiction
ester_wier	american women
gustavo_corção	chilean deaths
melissa_panarello	italian people
bart_kosko	american from
gary_paulsen	american american novelists
paul_cornell	english women
catherine_yronwode	american from
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
marjorie_williams	american from
emma_marris	american women writers
maria_elsa_da_rocha	20th-century women
martha_rofheart	american women novelists
david_jacobs_:writer	american television writers
matthew_randazzo_v	american births
mike_friedrich	american comics
david_d.levine	american science short
richard_baker_:theologian	english deaths
alexandre_astier	french male
giannina_braschi	american women
panteleimon_romanov	russian short
olaus_magnus	16th-century deaths
pierre_jean_launay	french births
christine_boylan	american television writers
betty_friedan	american american
anne_hollingsworth_wharton	american deaths
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
mikey_walsh	english births
cornelia_meigs	american american
arthur_kemp	new african
haden_blackman	american comics birth
montserrat_roig	spanish births
peter_weiss	german from
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
carlene_hatcher_polite	american women novelists
avasarala_ramakrishna_rao	indian indian
benedict_james	british births
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
nawal_el_saadawi	egyptian people
michelle_jerott	21st-century women writers
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
margery_allingham	20th-century women novelists
mira_mihelič	slovenian from
matias_masucci	italian male
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
eric_garcia	american from
angela_kang	american television writers
neil_druckmann	american comics
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
ann_grocott	australian women
armstrong_sperry	american from
ana_maria_machado	brazilian women
nancy_french	american women writers
delwar_hussain	alumni of
david_pogue	american from
norris_mcwhirter	people of
harry_rowohlt	german from
colin_wilson	english english
angela_bianchini	italian women
olha_kobylianska	ukrainian from
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
maynah_lewis	20th-century romantic novelists
mehdi_halıcı	turkish births
félix_morisseau-leroy	20th-century dramatists
c.s.chellappa	indian indian
risto_ahti	mexican writers
dorothy_black_:novelist	english women novelists
brett_halliday	american american
muallim_naci	people deaths
aaron_elkins	american american novelists
alessandro_defilippi	year of birth
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
daniel_nester	american from
anne_bishop	american women novelists
dorothea_ann_thrupp	people births
cherry_potter	year of birth
angus_reach	19th-century deaths
edward_allen_bernero	american television
michael_christie_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
benjamín_carrión	20th-century deaths
audre_lorde	american american
david_pinski	20th-century deaths
heinz_pototschnig	people deaths
nega_mezlekia	canadian from
gerald_w.page	american american short
danton_remoto	filipino births
claude_bessy_:writer	french male
anna_holmes	american of
diana_hamilton	women romantic fiction
panteleimon_kulish	ukrainian deaths
philip_k._dick	american american
robert_kirkman	american male
michel_butor	french french
christine_harris_:author	australian women writers
daniel_vávra	video game
david_bezmozgis	canadian from
manuel_ramos_otero	marc j. is is an american writer and and
dimitrie_prelipcean	moldovan births
matthew_jacobs	living people
david_leavitt	american american
george_woodcock	canadian from
pedro_balmaceda	ecuadorian deaths
richard_moore_:comics	american comics
daniel_newman_:academic	british births
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
elizabeth_sarnoff	american television writers
pyotr_tkachev	imperial deaths
biswapati_sarkar	indian of
rebecca_solnit	american women
carry_van_bruggen	dutch from
rita_mae_brown	american american
edward_mccourt	canadian from
nicola_cornick	english of
clare_winger_harris	american american short
dennis_spooner	english births
alejandro_pérez_lugín	spanish male
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
robert_gittler	american of
richard_shelton_:writer	american from
robert_m.pirsig	american from
aileen_paterson	scottish of
matt_clark_:writer	american american short
e.nelson_bridwell	american comics
emily_colson	american women
catherine_deveny	australian from
david_jubermann	new zealand zealand
robert_harling_:writer	american male
gerald_mcmorrow	british film
rafael_moreu	american television birth
nidudavolu_venkatarao	people deaths
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
bajazid_doda	people deaths
antranig_dzarugian	armenian deaths
ellen_hollond	19th-century women writers
harindra_dave	people births
meindert_dejong	american american
arthur_golden	american from
david_morris_:author	american of
marguerite_henry	american women novelists
howard_gordon	american television
guy_gavriel_kay	canadian from
nicolas_chamfort	19th-century french
park_wansuh	south korean
breen_frazier	american television birth
baltasar_lopes_da_silva	cape verdean
christopher_robbins	british births
carla_lane	english from
daniel_t.thomsen	american television birth
mary_downing_hahn	21st-century women novelists
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
melchior_lengyel	hungarian dramatists
matthew_randazzo_v	american births
michael_shermer	american from
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
héctor_zumbado	male short
robert_l.washington_iii	american comics
diane_messina_stanley	american television writers
mišo_juzmeski	turkish people
gabriel_pombo	people male
renan_demirkan	spanish from
homen_borgohain	indian from
hart_hanson	american television writers
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
nathan_burgoine	canadian canadian novelists
elizabeth_tyrwhitt	english of writers
andrés_henestrosa	mexican births
myrna_dey	canadian women novelists
christopher_oscanyan	american deaths
emma_jane_hogbin	canadian from
michelle_king	american television writers
hugh_falkus	english educated
robbie_branscum	american women
peter_bergman_:comedian	american from
eva_norvind	norwegian women
ndyakira_amooti	year of
norman_corwin	american male novelists
hallvard_rieber-mohn	norwegian births
eliza_clark_:author	canadian women writers
alf_prøysen	norwegian deaths
chris_gifford_:actor	american television
adam_kazimierz_czartoryski	recipients of the
matteo_pistono	living people
grace_duffie_boylan	american of
rob_nanninga	dutch deaths
boleslav_markevich	russian male
heinz_piontek	german deaths
anja_meulenbelt	dutch writers
gerald_brenan	british of
christine_craig	21st-century short
nirmal_verma	indian from
frank_decaro	american from
curt_goetz	german male
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
gerbrand_bakker_:novelist	dutch dutch
rachel_lebowitz	canadian women
alphonse_de_châteaubriant	french french
anthony_browne_:author	british of writers
mary_lavin	irish women
dionis_bubani	albanian albanian
alex_beam	american of
panas_myrny	ukrainian male
p._balachandran	indian male
mirza_adeeb	pakistani from
gennifer_choldenko	american women novelists
gilbert_gerard_:theological_writer	scottish of
ed_subitzky	american male
david_nekrutman	american people
beatrice_schenk_de_regniers	american births writers
ian_mclachlan_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
robert_musil	20th-century women
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
aristide_frémine	19th-century deaths
brendan_o'carroll	irish from
alexander_belyaev	russian deaths
richard_arès	canadian from
graham_swift	english male
grigory_baklanov	russian short
ram_sarup_ankhi	indian from
elie_wiesel	american american
emanuel_litvinoff	english from
ching_he_huang	british of
gene_deweese	american american novelists
courtney_summers	21st-century women novelists
christina_vella	american from
eric_van_lustbader	american american novelists
bill_pronzini	american american novelists
nicholas_sparks	american american
martha_cecilia	living people
daniel_lipman	american of birth
rajiva_wijesinha	south of
michael_christie_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
flavio_alves	american from
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
fabio_fiallo	dominican republic
natalie_savage_carlson	american children's
melesina_trench	irish women
mary_helen_stefaniak	american of
mohammed_hasan_alwan	living people
frédéric_beigbeder	french french
giannina_braschi	american women
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
robert_costa_:journalist	american of
ann_grocott	australian women
minna_canth	19th-century women
bill_ransom	american american short
felicia_bond	american women
gillian_mears	australian australian
risto_ahti	mexican writers
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
bollimunta_sivaramakrishna	indian writers
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
robert_gernhardt	german german
melesina_trench	irish women
rené_lapierre	canadian canadian novelists
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
matija_mažuranić	19th-century deaths
conrad_rooks	american male
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
craig_walker_:writer	canadian male
antoine_blondin	french male
dennis_spooner	english births
marieke_hardy	australian births
ricardo_miró	venezuelan deaths
emmanuèle_bernheim	french french writers
frédéric_mistral	19th-century french
charmian_london	american from
matt_k._lewis	american of
patrick_casey_:writer	american male
edgar_allan_poe	american american
christopher_green_:author	australian women writers
doreen_cronin	american of writers
beka_kurkhuli	people births
mik_duffy	new of writers
melody_moezzi	american from
denis_johnson	american american
alice_mcdermott	american women
rebecca_parr_cioffi	21st-century women novelists
hwang_jung-eun	south births
david_zuckerman	american television
robert_r.reilly	american births
christopher_story	british of
megan_ganz	american of birth missing
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
christine_boylan	american television writers
mark_waid	american comics
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
bob_harras	american comics
george_kashdan	american comics
allan_chappelow	people of
frank_o'hara	american from
rachel_axler	american television birth
elizabeth_herbert,_baroness_herbert_of_lea	english women writers
nigel_collins	year of birth
pai_hsien-yung	people people
amber_dawn	21st-century women
mary_lyons	living women
david_pritchard_:chess_player	british births
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
ove_von_spaeth	living writers
bill_bauer_:poet	canadian from
mervyn_wall	irish irish
pat_condell	english educated
patrick_califia	american from
paul_b._preciado	lgbt writers
raphaële_bidault-waddington	french people
duane_simolke	american from
berta_bojetu	slovenian from
ann_mcgovern	american women
pattukkottai_prabakar	indian women
danny_bilson	american television
george_meniuc	romanian births
edmund_wilson	american from
neal_shusterman	american american novelists
rene_denfeld	21st-century of writers
nathan_filer	british births
mary_miller_:writer	21st-century women novelists
harriot_eaton_stanton_blatch	american from
clayton_rawson	american american novelists
matthias_nawrat	german women
charmian_london	american from
alain_leroy_locke	american from
rinki_bhattacharya	indian people
gerald_vizenor	american american
enzo_siciliano	italian male
pedro_de_morales	15th-century deaths
brian_aldiss	english from
nathan_penlington	living people
charles_étienne_brasseur_de_bourbourg	french french
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
george_hively	american male
herbort_of_fritzlar	german deaths
antoinette_henriette_clémence_robert	french french
elie_wiesel	american american
nan_ryan	21st-century women novelists
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
henri-françois_rey	french male
bert_sugar	american of writers
homen_borgohain	indian from
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
peter_wells_:filmmaker	new of
girija_kumar_mathur	indian from
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
charles_garvice	people women writers
a.sheriff	indian births
pierre_nothomb	belgian from
gabriela_babnik	slovenian from
andy_diggle	year comics
amy_keating_rogers	american television writers
charlotte_dean	american from writers
c.radhakrishnan	indian male
mark_ames	american births
peter_stanford	english births
conrad_aiken	american american
maud_de_belleroche	21st-century women writers
denis_taaffe	people births
guido_piovene	italian italian
corín_tellado	spanish women
nadia_wheatley	australian women
nancy_cato	20th-century women
danton_remoto	filipino births
annamarie_jagose	21st-century women
rich_johnston	year of birth
cynthia_harrod-eagles	21st-century women novelists
hal_clement	american science novelists
gudlavalleti_chalapati_rao	indian from
favel_parrett	21st-century women writers
francisco_azuela	mexican births
bruno_schulz	polish male
fatima_meer	south african
david_rakoff	american american
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
giammaria_mazzucchelli	italian deaths
quim_monzó	spanish births
alter_kacyzne	20th-century novelists
alfred_h.bill	american american novelists
anil_menon	indian indian
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
mirkka_rekola	20th-century women
evelyn_waugh	english of
emil_benčík	spanish from
charles_burleigh_galbreath	american births
mark_danner	american from
francesco_marciuliano	american comics
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
david_gallaher	american from
henning_haslund-christensen	people deaths
ephraim_chambers	people births
michael_a._burstein	american american short
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
nur-eldeen_masalha	living births
erwin_strittmatter	german of
hazem_farraj	american people
mariko_ōhara	living births
patricia_ryan_:author	american women novelists
gregory_orfalea	american people
amir_hosein_fardi	iranian births
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
bernard_kangro	estonian deaths
david_mcsavage	british of
amalie_benjamin	american from
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
delight_evans	american of
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
c.e.webber	english births
alissa_nutting	21st-century of novelists
dnyanesh_maharao	indian from
adrienne_monson	american women novelists
panteleimon_kulish	ukrainian deaths
robert_svoboda	american from
donald_lowrie	american from
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
nicholas_rankin	english births
gretel_ehrlich	american american
mary_lee_settle	american american
hilda_twongyeirwe	ugandan women
giannina_braschi	american women
francisco_laguna_correa	american births
alexios_schandermani	iranian births
achille_campanile	italian male
daniel_handler	american male
c.b.colby	american from
german_sadulaev	russian male
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
qanate_kurdo	people writers
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
harsha_singamsetty	american deaths
chris_sheridan_:writer	american male
raymond_abrashkin	american from
natalie_minardi_slater	american television writers
han_moo-sook	south births
pon_kumaran	indian film
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
rebecca_walker	american women
adalbert_stifter	german german
pat_rosier	new zealand
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
francine_du_plessix_gray	american american
christabel_bielenberg	people deaths
frank_moorhouse	australian short
paula_fox	american women novelists
henry_r.evans	american from
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
folco_de_baroncelli-javon	french deaths
robert_mccrum	english of
dallas_denny	american births
cynthia_ozick	american american
bartho_smit	people deaths
devendranath_sharma	indian male
michael_moorcock	english science
ginn_hale	american american short
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
patrick_califia	american from
mike_leigh	english male
dennis_kelly	english male
aonghas_macneacail	scottish births
paul_ernst_:german_writer	german male
art_edwards	american from
david_horowitz	american from
bettina_belitz	german women writers
dale_brown	american from
mary_berry	english educated
nguyen_quang_lap	turkish births
camilla_gibb	21st-century women novelists
flannery_o'connor	american american
adolfo_costa_du_rels	german male
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
george_burditt_:writer	american from
franco_scaglia	italian italian
eric_chappell	year of birth
amy_yamada	japanese births
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
martin_lings	english of
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
gavin_smith_:author	scottish from
marjorie_harris	canadian from
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
michael_hanlon	people of
nabarun_bhattacharya	indian of
elyse_gasco	canadian canadian novelists
albert_kivikas	estonian deaths
frédéric_martel	french births
gary_paulsen	american american novelists
fulgencio_argüelles	spanish births
mary_grannan	canadian women novelists
riccardo_bacchelli	italian women
peter_bander_van_duren	german deaths
david_wild	american of
michael_a._burstein	american american short
matthew_reinhart	american people
mike_friedrich	american comics
matt_wayne	american comics
pierre_nothomb	belgian from
christopher_g.moore	canadian from
fatima_meer	south african
drago_jančar	slovenian from
caridad_bravo_adams	mexican women writers
artashes_kalantarian	armenian deaths
mary_ann_rundall	people births
peter_altenberg	austrian deaths
cate_shortland	australian births
allegra_huston	english from
cathi_bond	canadian women novelists
andrew_williams_:novelist	people of
alisa_kwitney	american women novelists
donna_kossy	american women
poola_tirupati_raju	indian from
maurice_blanchot	french male
fernando_sabino	brazilian novelists
nigel_calder	english educated
heda_margolius_kovály	20th-century women
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
p._d._james	english of
patrick_jennings_:writer	american american novelists
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
mihail_șerban_:writer	romanian novelists
robert_blees	american from
constantin_stamati-ciurea	people from
gary_janetti	american from
doris_piserchia	american women novelists
barbara_alberti	italian women
alain_absire	french french
heda_margolius_kovály	20th-century women
morgan_o'neill	australian births
e.hoffmann_price	american american short
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
natalya_baranskaya	russian short
bob_andelman	american births
robert_bernstein_:comics	american comics
michael_shermer	american from
octavio_cordero_palacios_:writer	ecuadorian novelists
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
dušan_čater	slovenian from
nadia_wheatley	australian women
mathur_krishnamurthy	telugu writers
paula_fox	american women novelists
peter_bradshaw	english births
mike_reiss	american television writers
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
cinzia_giorgio	21st-century women
marie_fouquet	french women writers
rafael_sabatini	english births
miklós_vámos	hungarian from
david_gaider	canadian game dragons
bahia_mahmud_awah	people of
najat_el_hachmi	spanish births
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
pete_brown_:writer	british of
david_turashvili	croatian births
deborah_howe	american births
barry_mccrea	irish births
molly_birnbaum	american people
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
mirza_adeeb	pakistani from
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
dennis_denisoff	canadian from
chandra_free	american comics
matthieu_ricard	french births
daniele_bolelli	american male
arjun_basu	canadian canadian novelists
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
matija_bećković	serbian of
bjørn_rønningen	norwegian women writers
heinz_liepmann	german deaths
pascual_h._poblete	belgian writers
filippo_buonaccorsi	italian male
robert_t.jeschonek	american american short
fernando_argenta	spanish male
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
pitcheswara_rao_atluri	year of birth missing
daniel_merlin_goodbrey	english births
emiliano_reali	italian male
edmond_hoyle	english deaths
mariusz_kotowski	living people
bochō_yamamura	japanese births
pep_bertran	living people
mary_robison	american american
herbert_kuhner	austrian births
gideon_joubert	south african
erik_diesen	norwegian from
dante_troisi	italian male
earl_thompson_:author	american from
pierre_jean_jouve	french french
donal_ryan	irish people
maurice_blanchot	french male
harishankar_parsai	indian writers
arshavir_shirakian	armenian deaths
george_pérez	american comics
fabien_vehlmann	french births
hagar_wilde	american american novelists
robbie_branscum	american women
charles_officer	canadian from
hermann_kasack	german german
robert_steven_rhine	american comics
elna_baker	american from
anton_gill	english births
helen_hooven_santmyer	american american
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
achille_campanile	italian male
nancy_holder	american women novelists
richard_e._kim	american writers
alois_jirásek	austrian births
ian_maxtone-graham	american television
alexander_neverov	russian male
phyllis_chesler	american from
chris_bunting	english births
philip_o'connor	british deaths
mary_batten	american people
outi_alanne	living births
betim_muço	albanian albanian
bill_prady	american television
george_jonas	canadian from
alexander_jablokov	american american short
daniel_handler	american male
mary_somerville	19th-century women
mia_couto	20th-century short
constancio_c.vigil	argentine births
gail_giles	american of birth
geir_isene	michael births is
gregg_easterbrook	american from
e.nelson_bridwell	american comics
allie_esiri	english births
robert_of_cricklade	english births
melesina_trench	irish women
chris_zook	american of
niel_bushnell	english births
alasdair_gray	british of
frederick_rolfe	english short
homen_borgohain	indian from
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
charles_wisner_barrell	people deaths
bronte_woodard	american deaths
greg_cox_:writer	american american novelists
erika_cheetham	english deaths
aldous_huxley	english from
ignacio_ramírez	austrian deaths
david_l.hough	american of
anuradha_ramanan	20th-century women
desmond_hogan	irish short
amrit_bhushan_dev_adhikari	asom from
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
gabriela_babnik	slovenian from
nat_benchley	american male
antoine_rédier	french male
daniel_pennac	french french
pyotr_gnedich	russian russian
barry_webster_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
gregory_keyes	american american novelists
nicholas_wootton	american television writers
giorgio_pressburger	italian male
gillian_polack	australian women writers
margaret_wilson_:australian_writer	australian people
brian_francis	canadian from
amiri_baraka	american from
ernesto_tomasini	british male
barry_blitzer	american from
rebecca_rush	american children's novelists
carmen_beltrán	swedish deaths
ante_tomić_:writer	croatian novelists
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
omar_ibn_said	american from
françois_duprat	french births
mary_howard_:novelist	20th-century women novelists
bob_drury	american male
feodor_gladkov	russian male
harve_pierre	american deaths
hasnat_abdul_hye	bengali writers
e.m.ashraf	indian from kerala
gerry_conway	american male
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
excilia_saldaña	21st-century women
adam_karrillon	german german
donna_franceschild	british births
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
michael_dibdin	british of
a.s.king	21st-century women novelists
mykola_kulish	ukrainian from
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
david_graziano	american television writers
d.c.kizhakemuri	indian from
maureen_herman	living people
nellie_hermann	21st-century american novelists
david_alderton	english births
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
andrew_montford	british of birth
alda_merini	italian women writers
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
betty_roland	australian women
eudora_welty	american american
richard_johnson_:16th_century	people women writers
bruce_feiler	american from
nate_jackson	living births
paul_rohrbach	german births
catherine_ann_dorset	people women writers
brian_wood_:comics	american comics
bill_willingham	american comics
parker_marie_molloy	american from
buck_peterson	american of birth
alfredo_seiferheld	male births
alphonse_rabbe	french deaths
meredith_tax	american births
federico_gamboa	mexican deaths
hans_werner_richter	german of
michael_woods_:comics	american of birth
desmond_devlin	american male
pietro_di_donato	american from
nar-dos	armenian armenian
adrian_hyland	australian australian
algernon_blackwood	english of
gail_palmer	american births
arthur_findlay	people deaths
erica_ehm	canadian from
michael_zarnock	american male
dick_clement	english educated
george_reinblatt	canadian from
boaz_lavie	people lavie
frank_moorhouse	australian short
michael_j._fitzgerald_:writer	american from
giovanni_battista_cavalcaselle	italian italian
alban_mccoy	year of birth missing
dirk_philips	flemish from
r._w._bradford	american from
mineo_higashi	living births
edward_davies_:celtic	people births
connie_booth	american from
alfred_jarry	french french
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
david_bezmozgis	canadian from
paul_bellini	canadian from
charles_perez	american from
philippe_claudel	french births
milan_kundera	20th-century births
evald_flisar	slovenian from
olly_mann	english male
meir_shalev	israeli births
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
gretel_ehrlich	american american
helena_araújo	21st-century short
dmitry_bykov	russian writers
david_gallaher	american from
elizabeth_herbert,_baroness_herbert_of_lea	english women writers
peter_dubé	canadian male novelists
harry_sinclair_drago	american from
ravi_belagere	living people
carlyle_eubank	american of birth
africanus_horton	people births
chester_himes	american from
rafael_spinola	guatemalan short
philippe_béha	canadian people
molly_birnbaum	american people
ante_kovačić	people deaths
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
alissa_york	canadian women novelists
fredrika_bremer	swedish swedish
miroslava_duma	russian writers
david_dark	american of birth
imran_shah_:writer	asom from
deidre_behar	american births
antónio_gonçalves_de_bandarra	portuguese births
priya_a._s	indian indian
dan_harmon	american television
mike_resnick	american american novelists
h.g.wells	english of
anatole_broyard	american from
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
grace_ellery_channing	american american
michael_moorcock	english science
barry_svrluga	american deaths
carol_severance	american women novelists
metin_arditi	living births
audre_lorde	american american
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
milan_kundera	20th-century births
p._d._james	english of
alexander_chee	american of novelists
diriye_osman	alumni from
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
maura_murphy	irish deaths
millôr_fernandes	brazilian dramatists
elsie_locke	new zealand
dnyanesh_maharao	indian from
chris_campanioni	mexican births
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
güney_dal	german births
elwyn_jones_:writer	british births
michel_rio	french french
deasún_breathnach	people births
doric_germain	canadian male
cynthia_harrod-eagles	21st-century women novelists
giovan_battista_di_crollalanza	italian deaths
michael_armstrong_:filmmaker	people births
césar_aira	argentine births
rené_galand	french births
craig_lancaster	american male
gour_das_bysack	telugu of
alethea_kontis	american women novelists
marguerite_abouet	living children's
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
ann_major	american women novelists
claire_cook	21st-century women novelists
richard_stirling	english of
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
reidar_thomassen	norwegian norwegian
ching_he_huang	british of
richard_brightfield	living children's
august_mälk	estonian deaths
rachna_gilmore	canadian women
musharraf_ali_farooqi	pakistani births
géza_csáth	hungarian deaths
germain-françois_poullain_de_saint-foix	french deaths
c.austin_miles	people deaths
gopala_chandra_praharaj	indian from
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
maud_newton	american women
doug_levitt	american births
adalbert_stifter	german german
paul_genesse	american american
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
mohammed_naseehu_ali	american from
n._mohanan	indian male
naomi_novik	american american novelists
geeta_dharmarajan	indian women
ilse_aichinger	austrian deaths
david_w.potter	british of
rené_marqués	puerto rican
natalie_fox	living people writers
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
drago_jančar	slovenian from
helie_lee	american of of
astrid_roemer	surinamese births
nilmoni_phukan_:senior	asom from
erik_davis	american births
constancio_c.vigil	argentine births
pauline_johnson	canadian women
andy_luckey	american from
claude_bessy_:writer	french male
riad_ismat	syrian of
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
amanda_browning	women romantic fiction
fernando_gonzález_:writer	cambodian deaths
cynthia_harrod-eagles	21st-century women novelists
apostolos_doxiadis	greek births
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
margaret_roper	english women
rené_boylesve	french deaths
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
carlos_labbé	chilean births
michael_gilbert	british of
nick_bakay	american male
disappearance_of_susan_walsh	american male
donagh_macdonagh	irish deaths
edith_bruck	20th-century women
richard_lane_:writer	australian births
anšlavs_eglītis	latvian deaths
iain_sinclair	alumni of
ana_maria_machado	brazilian women
philip_ó_ceallaigh	irish women
chanida_phaengdara_potter	american from
britta_gröndahl	20th-century women
maura_johnston	american women writers
harry_rowohlt	german from
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
paul_wheelahan	australian people
pier_alessandro_paravia	italian births
dea_birkett	british of
alasdair_gray	british of
hugh_b.cave	english english
nagen_saikia	indian indian
alasdair_gray	british of
richard_steele	19th-century of
antranig_dzarugian	armenian deaths
donald_wilson_:writer_and_producer	british births
percival_everett	american american
alan_e.nourse	american american short
martha_brooks	canadian women writers
nagendra_narayan_choudhury	indian from
michael_e._raynor	canadian people
riadh_sidaoui	living people
meletius_smotrytsky	polish deaths
david_rakoff	american american
amos_luzzatto	italian male
daniel_hahn	british of
eduard_vilde	estonian from
evan_katz	american television writers
darin_goldberg	american television writers
bruce_helford	american television writers
george_woodcock	canadian from
iain_sinclair	alumni of
gerry_conway	american male
donald_gallinger	american american short
bjørnstjerne_bjørnson	norwegian norwegian
rob_st.john	english births
gavriil_troyepolsky	russian deaths
henry_dumas	american from
clyde_bruckman	american film
quim_monzó	spanish births
ram_punjwani	indian from
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
antoine_blondin	french male
oliver_onions	english male
daniil_andreyev	russian male
amy_welborn	american from
david_bergelson	russian writers
peter_coleman	australian of
olle_adolphson	swedish from
paul_bellini	canadian from
allan_de_noronha	indian writers
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
mohan_deep	living people
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
chris_kraus_:american_writer	american from
bruce_eisner	american male
cezaro_rossetti	scottish of
robert_gardner_:academic	canadian from
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
dorothy_macardle	irish deaths
elie_wiesel	american american
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
dennis_denisoff	canadian from
boleslav_markevich	russian male
christopher_landon	british births
g.willow_wilson	american american novelists
chanida_phaengdara_potter	american from
miklós_haraszti	slovenian births
christiane_koren	norwegian norwegian writers
pierre_ouellet	canadian canadian novelists
alissa_nutting	21st-century of novelists
raymond_abrashkin	american from
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
mark_shand	people of
mark_lund	american from
henry_poulaille	french deaths
david_albahari	serbian novelists
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
rafael_cardoso_:art_historian	mexican births
curtis_roosevelt	american from
henri_deberly	french french
edward_kay_:writer	canadian from
pepita_seth	indian writers
octavio_paz	mexican women
paul_merton	english male
eudora_welty	american american
rashid_jahan	20th-century deaths
hal_clement	american science novelists
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
michael_shermer	american from
nandini_sidda_reddy	indian writers
remo_forlani	french male
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
moshe_pearlman	israeli deaths
david_hines	english male
faridur_reza_sagar	bangladeshi of
om_raut	indian births
dennis_eichhorn	american from
giannina_braschi	american women
german_sadulaev	russian male
arun_krushnaji_kamble	indian births
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
han_kang	people women
nathuram_premi	indian deaths
august_derleth	american american novelists
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
richard_hakluyt	english deaths
barbara_bloom	american television writers
maura_johnston	american women writers
donald_f.glut	american comics
ignacio_ramírez	austrian deaths
may_byron	english women
gene_luen_yang	american from
alina_bronsky	living people writers
i.k.k.menon	indian indian
greg_critser	american of birth
himani_bannerji	canadian of
martin_lings	english of
edem_awumey	canadian canadian
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
david_wolstencroft	british of
hélène_lenoir	french women writers
abdulah_sidran	bosnia and
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
georgi_karaslavov	people deaths
bernard_kangro	estonian deaths
ferdo_godina	slovenian births
charlotte_vale_allen	canadian women novelists
henry_clark_barlow	english male
grace_paley	american american
brad_ferguson	american american novelists
oscar_r._gómez	living writers
r._chudamani	20th-century women
bernardo_vega	dominican republic
deborah_a.miranda	american american
nick_mcdonell	american male
frieda_friedman	american children's
benjamin_zephaniah	english births
omar_ibn_said	american from
charlotte_o'conor_eccles	19th-century births
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
andrés_useche	american births
alain_dorémieux	french french
drew_hayes	american comics
aaron_alfandari	people births
marty_feldman	english male
gore_vidal	american from
gerald_brenan	british of
nguyễn_an_ninh	people deaths
robert_clark_young	american male
maria_benedita_bormann	brazilian women
andrej_e.skubic	slovenian from
david_dalglish	american american novelists
richard_steele	19th-century of
ian_frazier	american from
mary_daheim	american women novelists
heather_donahue	american from
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
mikhail_dostoyevsky	russian russian
montgomery_pittman	american from
david_kalstone	american from
mark_bostridge	british of
ram_punjwani	indian from
anil_ghorai	indian from
geoff_thompson_:writer	british births
bill_odenkirk	american television
paulus_melissus	german deaths
matthew_of_janow	italian births
ol_parker	living births
audrey_penn	american of writers
richard_strange	english male
dennis_spooner	english births
alan_moore	english births
frank_o'hara	american from
alice_mcdermott	american women
gordon_hyatt	american of birth
iason_athanasiadis	american university
dorothy_allison	american women
choe_yun	south korean
christopher_levett	english deaths
harry_bernstein	american from
henry_naylor	english male
danielle_simard	canadian from
dorothy_allison	american women
frederick_exley	american from
mieko_kanai	japanese births
quazi_johirul_islam	living people
paul_jessup_:writer	american american novelists
alain_leroy_locke	american from
dave_morice	american male
ian_rapoport	south rapoport
ottavia_vitagliano	italian italian
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
ngan_xuyen	spanish births
edith_bruck	20th-century women
emma_gad	people deaths
gail_giles	american of birth
mario_mendoza_zambrano	colombian short
anne_holmberg	american women novelists
mike_albo	american from
renee_peck	american births
francisco_gonzález_ledesma	spanish women
charles_burleigh_galbreath	american births
marilyn_suzanne_miller	american television
midori_:author	american from
dahvi_waller	canadian from writers
francis_x.king	place of birth missing
david_docherty	british of
david_harris_ebenbach	american male novelists
andrei_zarin	russian russian
petra_hammesfahr	german women
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
aranka_siegal	american women
ellen_hinsey	american writers
ben_stein	american male
nikolai_starikov	russian writers
peter_rollins	living from
andrei_zarin	russian russian
michael_banim	irish deaths
hugo_sonnenschein	german deaths
gene_luen_yang	american from
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
abubakar_imam	south of
hugh_mcilvanney	british of
arthur_c.clarke	english from
anne_hopkins_aitken	american from
nikolai_garin-mikhailovsky	russian russian
mike_sussman_:tv_promotions_writer/producer	american people writers
christophe_honoré	french male
adalbert_stifter	german german
cherríe_moraga	american american
dirk_jan_ten_geuzendam	filipino births
bergljot_hobæk_haff	20th-century women writers
p._d._james	english of
birgitta_trotzig	swedish from
miguel_ángel_villar_pinto	spanish births
corrina_wycoff	american short
farhat_ishtiaq	pakistani births
hilary_corke	english of
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
goffredo_parise	italian male
beatrix_campbell	british of
rafael_hertzberg	19th-century deaths
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
craig_rosebraugh	american births
richard_meredith_:author	english births
andy_luckey	american from
rachid_mimouni	people births
bradley_bell	american television
norman_lowell	living births
r._t._kendall	canadian births
bonnie_clearwater	american from
nouritza_matossian	english births
eiki_matayoshi	japanese births
mark_gruenwald	american comics
peter_rühmkorf	german from
maisie_ward	marc j. is is an writer writer and
marta_kauffman	american male
alexios_schandermani	iranian births
brian_leung_:author	american of
barry_pilton	english educated
rené_belletto	french french
eustace_budgell	english deaths
bruce_marshall	people of
annie_hall_cudlip	english women writers
alberto_fuguet	american births
nino_nakashidze	20th-century women
edward_litt_laman_blanchard	english deaths
amar_mitra_:writer	bengali writers
elsie_johansson	swedish women
robert_byron	people of
antonio_tabucchi	italian from
annie_lee_rees	new zealand
david_madden_:novelist	american from
al_hewetson	canadian from
marie_fouquet	french women writers
eleanor_millard	canadian canadian short
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
phil_leslie	american television
hannah_friedman	american from
elizabeth_knox	21st-century zealand novelists
rajanikanta_bordoloi	asom from
peter_coleman	australian of
homer_eon_flint	american american short
robert_poulet	belgian births
denton_welch	english of
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
clay_shirky	american people
francis_x.king	place of birth missing
elizabeth_anne_finn	people deaths
parichay_das	indian women
pat_brown_:criminal_profiler	american women writers
adam_niswander	american american short
chris_bachelder	american from
anna_rozen	french french
ananda_chandra_barua	indian from
amiri_baraka	american from
greg_cox_:writer	american american novelists
nam_jung-hyun	living people
david_dalglish	american american novelists
edward_m.brecher	american from
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
mohamed_chafik	living births
camilla_gibb	21st-century women novelists
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
bruce_marshall	people of
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
patrick_rothfuss	american american novelists
margarete_kollisch	20th-century women
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
helen_darville	australian australian
abbas_el-zein	japanese births
cheon_sang-byeong	people deaths
peter_philipp	german german
michael_banim	irish deaths
pepita_seth	indian writers
malcolm_wheeler-nicholson	malaysian chudamani is a a writer writer and
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
mato_lovrak	20th-century novelists
anselmo_suárez_y_romero	guatemalan novelists
amanda_minnie_douglas	american american
gadul_singh_lama	indian male
pallab_kirtania	living from
hanne_ørstavik	21st-century women writers
nigel_nicolson	people of
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
maría_esther_vázquez	argentine women
matt_reeves	american television
maria_flook	living children's
mary_robison	american american
rasul_rza	azerbaijani from
elwyn_jones_:writer	british births
h.g.carrillo	american american
agnes_strickland	19th-century women
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
nellie_campobello	mexican women writers
graça_aranha	brazilian deaths
richard_mabey	english of
maximilian_böttcher	german deaths
derenik_demirchian	armenian armenian
arnaldur_indriðason	people births
aaron_alfandari	people births
naomi_duguid	canadian people
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
ignace_lepp	french deaths
efraim_medina_reyes	colombian short
marion_bloem	21st-century women
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
i.k.k.menon	indian indian
col_buchanan	21st-century women writers
abujafar_shamsuddin	bengali births
anura_c.perera	sri lankan
mushtaq_ahmad_yusufi	pakistani of
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
edythe_mae_gordon	american from
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
eugène_mouton	french male
denys_colomb_de_daunant	french births
buzz_dixon	american comics
mansour_bushnaf	marc bushnaf is a a writer writer and
henri_thomas	french french novelists
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
mehmed_uzun	turkish births
danila_comastri_montanari	italian women writers
bob_paris	american from
abena_busia	20th-century women writers
h.g.wells	english of
nancy_buckingham	living people
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
aymeric_chauprade	french male
henry_dumas	american from
brian_ruckley	scottish of
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
david_benedictus	english births
aleksandre_tarsaidze	american deaths
medo_pucić	serbian deaths
dan_j.marlowe	american american novelists
france_herron	american age
bob_paris	american from
astrid_roemer	surinamese births
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
berta_bojetu	slovenian from
peter_ocko	american television writers
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
daniel_picouly	french births
pauline_johnson	canadian women
henri_patin	19th-century french
p._t._deutermann	american from
hans_fallada	german deaths
pat_condell	english educated
aziz_nesin	turkish births
elizabeth_royte	21st-century women writers
ali_bey_huseynzade	azerbaijani deaths
giannina_braschi	american women
c.s.lakshmi	indian indian
c.s.chellappa	indian indian
david_treuer	american american
abdón_ubidia	male short story
paul_einzig	people deaths
denis_thériault	canadian from
elias_abu_shabaki	dutch deaths
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
michael_conforti	american television writers
olivier_weber	french french
margaret_bakkes	south african writers
greg_garrett_:writer	american of
manorama_jafa	marc births is a a writer writer and
arto_paasilinna	finnish births
margaret_stuart_barry	living births
melissa_schroeder	american women novelists
harry_browne	american from
narayan_singh_bhati	indian writers
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
quim_monzó	spanish births
michael_lawrence_:writer	living of
alison_joseph	21st-century women novelists
daniel_samper_ospina	slovenian births
michael_t._scott	american male
francis_seow	singaporean of
greg_bear	american american novelists
huo_da	people births
harry_hodgkinson_:writer	english of
barbara_dawson_smith	21st-century women writers
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
rajiva_wijesinha	south of
gregor_collins	american from
charles_alden_seltzer	american american novelists
charles_watts_:secularist	english births
daniel_picouly	french births
darren_greer	canadian from
barry_pilton	english educated
andrey_dikiy	russian russian
robert_donston_stephenson	english births
cara_black_:author	21st-century women novelists
gustavo_gac-artigas	american people
milan_kundera	20th-century births
félix_morisseau-leroy	20th-century dramatists
michael_krogmann	american people
elizabeth_cobbold	19th-century women
federico_gamboa	mexican deaths
bonnie_macbird	american of writers
b.m.suhara	20th-century women
gary_myers_:writer	american american short
grigory_baklanov	russian short
beatrix_campbell	british of
mario_rodríguez_cobos	argentine births
anthony_burgess	english from
michael_barringer	british of
giovan_battista_di_crollalanza	italian deaths
robert_loren_fleming	american comics
charles_lalo	french deaths
gnani_sankaran	indian writers
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
george_wyatt_:writer	english deaths
helen_m.roberts	american from
diriye_osman	alumni from
brian_floca	american of
donald_t.phillips	michael births is
don_payne_:writer	american from
meindert_dejong	american american
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
dnyanesh_maharao	indian from
dorothy_kilner	19th-century women writers
richard_walton	american from
oskar_luts	20th-century novelists
audre_lorde	american american
george_lockhart_:politician	people of
mazhar_ul_islam	pakistani births
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
mark_hentemann	american television writers
emily_arnold_mccully	american from
edmund_wilson	american from
gyles_brandreth	english of
freddie_williams_ii	american comics
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
andrea_goldsmith	australian women
alison_uttley	english births
david_gurr	20th-century canadian novelists
maría_lejárraga	polish male
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
abdallah_marrash	people of
a.whitney_brown	american television
brian_allen_carr	american births
hector_malot	19th-century deaths
gerit_quealy	american from
michael_szameit	italian male
rhianna_pratchett	english people
glaydah_namukasa	ugandan women
richard_hemming	living people
david_fury	american television
paula_broadwell	american from
b.l.coombes	people of
catherine_spencer	year women novelists
robert_ames_bennet	american american novelists
alexander_goldstein_:writer	russian novelists
dan_vyleta	canadian from
ezra_jack_keats	american of
philip_o'connor	british deaths
anne_rundle	20th-century romantic fiction
g.waldo_dunnington	american from
masaki_tsuji	japanese births
amy_peikoff	american from
panje_mangesh_rao	indian writers
mariko_ōhara	living births
federico_hernández_de_león	guatemalan births
awn_alsharif_qasim	people deaths
paul_kidd	australian short story
g.r.indugopan	indian from
hōmei_iwano	japanese births
bill_oddie	english educated
mark_richard	american from
paul_clammer	english births
gary_goldschneider	american male
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
melody_moezzi	american from
gonzalo_suárez	spanish male
harve_pierre	american deaths
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
darnell_l.moore	american of
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
chester_aaron	american births
richard_stirling	english of
helena_araújo	21st-century short
david_j.mitchell	canadian from
michael_lent_:writer_and_producer	american male
meera_nanda	living women
r.k.narayan	marc births is is a writer writer and and
dwayne_wayans	american male
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
pyotr_polevoy	russian writers
amy_sherman-palladino	american television writers
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
michaela_angela_davis	american of
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
mike_leigh	english male
helen_pai	american television writers
debbie_barham	english educated
ernest_holmes	american from
david_wohl	american comics
félix_tanco	19th-century births
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
christopher_levett	english deaths
crescenzo_alatri	italian italian
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
fran_levstik	slovenian deaths
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
doris_gercke	german women writers
erwin_strittmatter	german of
farid_raymond-anthony	sierra leonean
marshall_browne	australian australian
phil_ford_:writer	british television
pagu	brazilian women
harry_browne	american from
maura_murphy	irish deaths
pol_van_den_driessche	living births
danny_danko	american male
nelson_algren	american american
h.r.percy	canadian male novelists
neal_brennan	american television
anand_mahadevan	canadian from
hōmei_iwano	japanese births
elisabetta_caminèr_turra	19th-century women
arthur_bernède	20th-century french
ralph_andrews_barry	american from
paipra_radhakrishnan	living writers
charles_d'ambrosio	american of workshop
dragomir_brajković	serbian from
ignacio_ramírez	austrian deaths
camilla_cederna	italian women
gary_tillery	american from
norman_ward	canadian from
pierre_mornand	french births
chris_broadribb	20th-century women writers
miklós_vámos	hungarian from
ningombam_bupenda_meitei	indian from
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
philippe_claudel	french births
anna_blaman	20th-century women
abdul_qayum_:imam	british births
manohar_shyam_joshi	people births is is a
maurice_tillieux	people births
matthew_kennedy_:author	american births
mateo_morrison	dominican of
paul_tomalin	living of birth
daniel_samper_ospina	slovenian births
richard_mabey	english of
helen_darville	australian australian
han_sorya	20th-century births
bernie_west	american from
gudrun_pausewang	german women writers
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
ponsonby_ogle	english deaths
elizabeth_graver	21st-century american novelists
rajko_perušek	slovenian writers
charlie_angus	canadian from
achille_campanile	italian male
glendon_swarthout	american american
may_byron	english women
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
douglas_kent_hall	american from
gary_janetti	american from
esther_hautzig	american deaths
angus_reach	19th-century deaths
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
robert_r.reilly	american births
caterina_albert	spanish births
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
david_samuels_:writer	american births
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
rebecca_rand_kirshner	american television writers
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
amy_welborn	american from
morris_lurie	australian australian
ekalavyan_:novelist	indian male
mario_mendoza_zambrano	colombian short
peter_ling	english births
amy_thomson	american women novelists
martin_lings	english of
anthony_bidulka	canadian canadian
helena_araújo	21st-century short
henry_naylor	english male
andrew_murray_:minister	dutch deaths
penelope_fletcher	21st-century women writers
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
amir_hosein_fardi	iranian births
dan_flores	american from
penny_jordan	20th-century women novelists
aaron_cohen_:counterterrorist	american births
mary_lavin	irish women
cat_marnell	american from
françois_weyergans	french births
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
ezra_jack_keats	american of
maureen_herman	living people
phillips_lord	american from
nahum_benari	israeli jews
erwin_strittmatter	german of
marion_mainwaring	american women
eugie_foster	american american novelists
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
amelia_e.johnson	american women novelists
connie_willis	american american novelists
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
margaret_roper	english women
mohamed_adel_abdelaziz	egyptian people
guram_dochanashvili	people births
dror_mishani	israeli novelists
erika_cheetham	english deaths
charles_perez	american from
chris_kraus_:american_writer	american from
alexander_neverov	russian male
mu_shiying	20th-century from
richard_t._williamson	american people
denton_welch	english of
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
andrej_e.skubic	slovenian from
monica_edwards	20th-century women writers
myoma_myint_kywe	burmese births
gleb_uspensky	russian male
delia_grigore	romanian from
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
chris_mckenna_:writer	american television writers
anthony_sampson	english of
dave_godfrey	canadian from
guy_de_maupassant	french french
pierre_ouellet	canadian canadian novelists
matthew_tobin_anderson	american american novelists
alex_beam	american of
robert_sellers	living births
arthur_bárdos	hungarian male
michael_rowe	american television writers
chen_ran	20th-century ran
adam_james_dalton	21st-century of writers
arnulfo_trejo	american american
g.herbert_sallans	canadian canadian novelists
peter_kalifornsky	american women
marilyn_jaye_lewis	american births
mary_lorson	american of birth
evgenia_tur	russian short
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
hans_noever	german male
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
eleanor_mercein_kelly	american from
herbert_achternbusch	german german
barbara_leonie_picard	20th-century women writers
amos_oz	israeli novelists
daniel_cardoso	living births
diana_e.h.russell	south african
marina_ripa_di_meana	italian women
david_j.howe	british writers
françois_rabelais	french male
nilmoni_phukan_:senior	asom from
alberto_fuguet	american births
anna_de_noailles	french french
francine_prose	american american novelists
ichirō_sakaki	living births
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
alex_nunns	michael births is a american writer and and
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
henry_naylor	english male
alishetty_prabhakar	indian deaths
melissa_holbrook_pierson	american people
quentin_lee	canadian from
henry_lawson	australian women
caleb_garling	american from
arnulfo_trejo	american american
hutton_gibson	american from
gilbert_king_:author	american from
paul_magrs	english science
franklin_d.mcdowell	canadian canadian novelists
benjamin_cheever	american american novelists
rajzel_żychlińsky	american american
mike_penner	american from
alfred_jarry	french french
alan_landsburg	american from
per_jan_ingebrigtsen	norwegian births
henrique_abranches	20th-century from
marjorie_wallace_:sane	british of
frederick_townsend_martin	people births
pavao_ritter_vitezović	people of
marie-anne_de_bovet	french women writers
diana_hamilton	women romantic fiction
artur_augusto_da_silva	cape verdean
michael_alan_nelson	living people
peter_brown_:illustrator	american births
r._t._kendall	canadian births
danton_remoto	filipino births
gilles-françois_de_beauvais	1693 births
dan_turèll	male births
hugo_dittberner	german german
albert_kivikas	estonian deaths
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
bernie_s.siegel	american from
musa_anter	people deaths
carol_bruneau	canadian women novelists
barry_oakley	australian australian
elie_wiesel	american american
maria_koleva	french births
georges_limbour	french deaths
beatrice_burton	20th-century women novelists
edward_r.pease	english of
elaine_pope	american television writers
consuelo_de_sánchez_latour	20th-century women
najat_el_hachmi	spanish births
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
paul_marsden	british of
antoinette_jadaone	filipino film directors
george_kashdan	american comics
alfred_of_malmesbury	people births
brigitte_aubert	french women writers
frank_o'connor	irish deaths
guri_vesaas	norwegian norwegian writers
anthony_burgess	english from
anne_degrace	21st-century women writers
p._c._wren	english births
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
phil_pepe	american deaths
n._richard_nash	american male novelists
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
catherine_lacey_:author	american american
ove_von_spaeth	living writers
daniel_lyons	american people
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
evgenia_tur	russian short
giorgio_amendola	italian male
peter_d._sieruta	american from
alphie_mccourt	american from
p._craig_russell	american comics
philip_tinari	american people
dewi_lestari	indonesian births
michael_reaves	american american novelists
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
angel_kyodo_williams	american women
richie_webb	english of
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
christopher_priest_:comics	american comics
amiri_baraka	american from
polyclès_langlois	19th-century deaths
are_kalvø	norwegian births
georges_baal	hungarian from
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
clara_sereni	italian women
gary_goldschneider	american male
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
d.scott_rogo	american births
marijo_moore	american from
david_auerbach	american of
megan_williams_:author	canadian women
anne_hopkins_aitken	american from
paul_heyse	german german
raymond_abrashkin	american from
harold_acton	english of
elsie_finnimore_buckley	english births
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
david_pinski	20th-century deaths
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
may_cutler	canadian women
aaron_peck	canadian from
alois_hotschnig	20th-century short
p._sivakami	living writers
duane_swierczynski	american american novelists
elbert_hubbard	american from
frederick_simpich	american deaths
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
pamela_morsi	american women novelists
denis_norden	english male
franz_hessel	german deaths
hermann_goedsche	19th-century deaths
michael_jecks	21st-century women novelists
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
may_cutler	canadian women
blake_bailey	american from
nancy_weber	21st-century women
pingali_nagendrarao	indian from
bollimunta_sivaramakrishna	indian writers
marion_hargrove	american from
panas_myrny	ukrainian male
amy_wright_:writer	american women
donna_williams	australian from
friedrich_christian_delius	german from
coelho_neto	brazilian deaths
a.a.gill	british of
patrick_mchale_:artist	american male
gyula_krúdy	hungarian from
donald_henderson_:writer	year of death
henry_kreisel	canadian male novelists
gerald_ganglbauer	people of
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
billy_hayes_:writer	american births
paula_pell	american television writers
mercedes_carvajal_de_arocha	chilean deaths
gene_luen_yang	american from
christopher_paul_curtis	american from novelists
adèle_geras	20th-century women novelists
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
frédéric_mistral	19th-century french
friederike_roth	german women
anna_godbersen	american from
rachel_axler	american television birth
david_f.case	american american novelists
norm_augustinus	american of
aristide_frémine	19th-century deaths
david_shore	canadian from
adam_niswander	american american short
enrique_larreta	argentine births
miriam_toews	canadian from
durga_charan_mohanty	indian from
paz_márquez-benítez	people deaths
patrice_evans	american bloggers
alan_dean_foster	american american novelists
robert_svoboda	american from
neville_cardus	english of
oh_kyu-won	south korean
daniil_andreyev	russian male
gore_vidal	american from
alessandro_d'avenia	italian births writers
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
martha_stephens	american film
michael_sledge	american male
gabriel_pombo	people male
per_jan_ingebrigtsen	norwegian births
aung_thin	burmese births
rajat_arora	indian film
marjorie_harris	canadian from
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
bill_pronzini	american american novelists
barry_pilton	english educated
dave_stone	english births
aileen_paterson	scottish of
gunnel_vallquist	swedish swedish
harold_bell_wright	american from
grigory_adamov	russian male
eliza_frances_andrews	american american
norman_lear	american from
carlo_emilio_gadda	italian italian
nancy_keesing	australian women
fernando_ponce_de_león	brazilian novelists
dr.seuss	american from
beatríz_peniche_barrera	mexican women writers
elsa_bernstein	20th-century concentration
diana_browning	women romantic novelists
ardath_mayhar	american american novelists
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
de_lysle_ferree_cass	american american novelists
esme_langley	australian deaths
mat_johnson	american from
alex_haley	american from
geneviève_billette	canadian canadian novelists
maria_jane_jewsbury	19th-century women writers
ignacio_ramírez	austrian deaths
edgar_allan_poe	american american
peter_baker_:author	american of
aidan_higgins	irish short
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
elias_abu_shabaki	dutch deaths
mojca_kumerdej	slovenian women
emma_marris	american women writers
petra_hammesfahr	german women
aleksandre_tarsaidze	american deaths
claudia_casper	21st-century women short
mary_philadelphia_merrifield	19th-century women
claude_jeancolas	french births
penelope_fletcher	21st-century women writers
elisabeth_hauptmann	20th-century women
emily_smith_:author	21st-century women novelists
moacyr_scliar	brazilian deaths
bochō_yamamura	japanese births
molly_mccloskey	american births
morten_korch	male short
federico_gamboa	mexican deaths
randolph_stow	australian australian
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
hryhorii_epik	ukrainian of
ramchandra_shripad_jog	people births
gertrude_barrows_bennett	american american fiction
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
petar_kočić	bosnia and herzegovina
claude_mckay	people people
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
garth_ennis	new of
elsie_finnimore_buckley	english births
david_madden_:novelist	american from
carole_wilkinson	australian children's writers
aaron_mcgruder	american from
gore_vidal	american from
alison_joseph	21st-century women novelists
randolph_stow	australian australian
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
naomi_duguid	canadian people
maria_doolaeghe	german births
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
anasuya_shankar	indian writers
david_a.mcintee	21st-century women writers
oscar_casares	american people
honora_sneyd	british women writers
mercy_otis_warren	american american
harold_acton	english of
david_n.weiss	american from
dean_lorey	american television
barbara_branden	canadian from
charlotte_higgins	english births
han_kang	people women
eric_marcus	american from
ben_hawkey	british male
max_apple	american male
nellie_campobello	mexican women writers
michael_e._raynor	canadian people
michael_brooks_:science_writer	living of writers
gábor_görgey	hungarian from
nagasubramanian_chokkanathan	indian indian
brian_andreas	american american
daniel_tammet	english of
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
claire_ridgway	british of
han_su-san	south korean
brian_aldiss	english from
emilio_praga	italian italian
abdul_muis	2nd-century births
michael_sledge	american male
harcharan_chawla	20th-century from
ricky_lo	filipino people
d.v.gundappa	indian from
daniel_ford_:editor_and_writer	south african writers
robert_gernhardt	german german
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
maurice_joyeux	french deaths
megan_ganz	american of birth missing
martin_walser	german from
hans_werner_richter	german of
muhsin_al-ramli	iranian people
george_grigore	romanian births
eulalie_spence	american american
ook_chung	canadian people
chris_stedman	american from
martine_broda	french women writers
rené_boylesve	french deaths
mary_martha_sherwood	english women writers
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
rebecca_skloot	american births writers
robert_lewis_shayon	american deaths
patrick_califia	american from
michael_shermer	american from
pierre_broodcoorens	belgian deaths
mike_berenstain	american people
anahareo	canadian from
gertrude_bell	english of
fang_zhouzi	american births
arvid_nelson	american of birth
bhisham_sahni	indian from
dmitry_gorchakov	russian male
michel_verne	french french novelists
aaron_shure	american television writers
blanca_de_lizaur	mexican women
robb_white	american american
reiko_shimizu	living people
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
charles_whiting	20th-century deaths
asma_gull_hasan	american of
girija_keer	marathi-language births
montgomery_pittman	american from
alana_lowes	australian from
heidi_w.durrow	american american
george_dicaprio	american births
bettina_von_arnim	german deaths
n._m._browne	english women writers
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
matthew_tobin_anderson	american american novelists
mustafa_akyol	iranian people
graham_hancock	british writers
raphaël_confiant	french people
anne_villeneuve	canadian from
regina_corrado	american television writers
guillermo_morón	venezuelan births
deborah_tall	american women
friedrich_von_sallet	german from
enid_blyton	20th-century women novelists
evadne_price	20th-century women writers
alie_ward	american of birth
craig_hinton	20th-century short
adam_elliot	australian births
brian_dooley	people births
angela_bianchini	italian women
hugh_b.cave	english english
g.k.chesterton	english male
ezra_jack_keats	american of
mercedes_carvajal_de_arocha	chilean deaths
ben_stein	american male
erica_ehm	canadian from
mridula_garg	indian writers
douglas_adams	english from
richard_zenith	mexican women
angela_heywood	american deaths
alexandru_djuvara	people deaths
norman_wong	american of
anwaar_ahmad	pakistani of
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
emily_mitchell	21st-century women writers
mike_sussman_:tv_series_writer/producer	american people
anne_flournoy	american film
frank_o'connor	irish deaths
alastair_mcintosh	scottish of
alexander_kanengoni	british deaths
evelyn_e.smith	20th-century women novelists
evadne_price	20th-century women writers
cindy_haug	norwegian women writers
dave_thorpe	british births
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
muriel_draper	american women
achy_obejas	american american
curtis_roosevelt	american from
begum_rokeya	20th-century from
nicholas_sparks	american american
chintha_ravi	indian male
aaron_cohen_:counterterrorist	american births
aage_borchgrevink	norwegian norwegian
pavao_pavličić	croatian novelists
andri_snær_magnason	people births
bill_prady	american television
claire_castillon	french women writers
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
hermann_broch	austrian deaths
elio_vittorini	italian male
anatol_codru	moldovan births
cintra_wilson	american women
anton_funtek	slovenian from
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
maria_benedita_bormann	brazilian women
david_j.howe	british writers
adel_karasholi	german births
araceli_ardón	mexican women
carl_van_vechten	american from
ada_jack_carver_snell	american from
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
robert_h.abel	american american short
heinz_liepmann	german deaths
numa_sadoul	living births
robert_kanigher	american comics
daniel_woodrell	american from novelists
astrid_roemer	surinamese births
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
abdón_ubidia	male short story
panteleimon_romanov	russian short
gwendoline_butler	20th-century women novelists
david_shore	canadian from
giorgio_nadali	italian births
camilla_cederna	italian women
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
alexandre_dumas	french french
donna_kossy	american women
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
h.g.carrillo	american american
adrian_cristobal	people births
dror_mishani	israeli novelists
grace_paley	american american
michael_korda	british of
rob_nanninga	dutch deaths
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
don_l.johnson	american from
adam_karrillon	german german
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
a.m.dellamonica	21st-century canadian short
bernard_goldberg	american from
derviš_sušić	bosnia and herzegovina
matija_divković	bosnia and herzegovina
riccardo_bacchelli	italian women
naomi_duguid	canadian people
bajazid_doda	people deaths
ernest_rhys	scottish deaths
diriye_osman	alumni from
rob_nanninga	dutch deaths
antoine_blondin	french male
dan_goor	american television
bill_willingham	american comics
garrett_fort	american male novelists
dennis_eichhorn	american from
marguerite_j._gascoigne	20th-century women novelists
pj_manney	21st-century women
anne_digby	english births writers
agnes_grainger_stewart	british of
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
adrian_cornelius_langerwerf	new zealand writers
michael_d._ratner	american births
charles_gramlich	american american short
nancy_keesing	australian women
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
bill_conall	canadian canadian
david_seals	american american novelists
cara_black_:author	21st-century women novelists
robert_heron_:writer	scottish births
maura_johnston	american women writers
marie_fouquet	french women writers
miguel_otero_silva	20th-century from
martín_caparrós	argentine births
gillian_polack	australian women writers
gianna_manzini	20th-century women
henry_rice_:writer	british births
dan_michel_of_northgate	english deaths
maria_elizabetha_jacson	19th-century women writers
edwin_s.grosvenor	american from
matthew_condon	australian short
murry_hope	english births
emilio_j.pasarell	puerto deaths
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
christopher_levett	english deaths
craig_seymour	american births
musharraf_ali_farooqi	pakistani births
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
quentin_lee	canadian from
christopher_mckitterick	american american short
georges_perros	french deaths
david_hines	english male
harry_peyton_steger	american deaths
elizabeth_tyrwhitt	english of writers
alberto_bevilacqua	italian italian
caridad_bravo_adams	mexican women writers
maria_stona	20th-century women
marion_roach	american of birth
bev_sellars	canadian women writers
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
carolyn_haywood	american children's
philip_o'connor	british deaths
pierre_nothomb	belgian from
petraq_zoto	20th-century short
paul_lorck_eidem	norwegian norwegian
mary_e.pearson	marc births is is a writer writer and and
edgar_allan_poe	american american
anita_bharti	20th-century women writers
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
earl_thompson_:author	american from
oscar_casares	american people
husna_ahmad	british of
barbara_love	american women writers
agnes_hewes	american from
dobrica_erić	serbian of
annamarie_jagose	21st-century women
dino_stamatopoulos	american television
andré_rouveyre	french deaths
douglas_haskell	american from
christopher_g.nuttall	american births
gary_russell	english male
arthur_c.clarke	english from
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
curt_goetz	german male
fran_roš	slovenian from
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
anatol_codru	moldovan births
david_mason_:writer	american american
alexander_russell_webb	american from
boris_savinkov	russian writers
nan_nyunt_swe	burmese births
f.digby_hardy	people of
choi_in-hun	south korean
dheeraj_rattan	indian film directors
andrew_davies_:writer	people of
rebecca_parr_cioffi	21st-century women novelists
hélène_rioux	canadian women
charles_mudede	american from
avram_davidson	american american novelists
avdo_karabegović	bosnia and
michael_lemonick	american people
beatrix_campbell	british of
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
clay_shirky	american people
glendon_swarthout	american american
michaela_angela_davis	american of
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
elmer_clifton	american male
henri_patin	19th-century french
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
aileen_fisher	american from
rafael_hertzberg	19th-century deaths
matt_charlton	living of
francis_leslie_ashton	20th-century women novelists
peter_sotos	american people
eudora_welty	american american
cecil_e.rhode	american from
edward_allen_bernero	american television
audrey_penn	american of writers
grigory_baklanov	russian short
d.c.fontana	american from
alan_campbell_:screenwriter	american from
ann_chamberlin	21st-century women novelists
henry_liu	20th-century from
allen_r.morris	american from
camille_de_toledo	french french
cathi_bond	canadian women novelists
gary_johns	australian of
mia_couto	20th-century short
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
edith_pattou	american women novelists
ana_maría_shua	argentine women
gisèle_prassinos	20th-century women
emma_richmond	year of birth
darril_fosty	canadian of
mildred_ames	american women novelists
mons_lie_:writer	20th-century short
robert_poulet	belgian births
david_j.schwartz_:motivational_writer	american of
andrew_j.mckiernan	australian australian
robert_spencer_carr	american american short
george_tofan	romanian from
paul_jenkins_:writer	living births
arvin_chen	american births
andrew_klavan	american american
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
donald_james	british of
mario_soldati	italian births
nar-dos	armenian armenian
george_burditt_:writer	american from
georges_pillement	french births
hwang_sun-won	20th-century births
bert_sugar	american of writers
augusto_monterroso	guatemalan short
bonnie_clearwater	american from
raphael_shore	canadian births
chris_joseph_:writer/artist	hong comics
p._craig_russell	american comics
nic_kelman	american male
carl_amery	german male
nikephoros_i_of_constantinople	byzantine of
alexander_russell_webb	american from
emma_jane_hogbin	canadian from
robert_laxalt	american american novelists
peter_stanford	english births
david_kalstone	american from
douglas_adams	english from
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
einosuke_itō	japanese deaths
helmut_preißler	german women
david_eddie	canadian from
edgar_brau	argentine short
anton_schnack	german german
richard_steele	19th-century of
pete_morisi	american comics
ellen_galford	canadian of novelists
ian_maxtone-graham	american television
alexander_yashin	ukrainian deaths
michael_fitzgerald_page	australian children's
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
raif_badawi	saudi arabian
rebecca_walker	american women
mridula_garg	indian writers
clive_barker	lgbt male
dawn_lambertsen_kelly	american television birth
haemi_balgassi	american of of
nabarun_bhattacharya	indian of
martha_rofheart	american women novelists
richard_meredith_:author	english births
barbara_euphan_todd	english deaths
david_goldblatt_:writer	english of
milan_kundera	20th-century births
brian_andreas	american american
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
mirosław_nahacz	polish male
donna_kossy	american women
christine_feehan	american women novelists
barry_mccrea	irish births
david_crane_:producer	american from
robert_olen_butler	american american
david_alan_mack	american of novelists
henri_nathansen	male male
marie_luise_droop	german male
espen_klouman_høiner	norwegian from
paul_goble	american of
rick_mcginnis	living people
edgar_wallace	english male
dominic_green_:writer_and_musician	australian births
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
renji_panicker	indian film
nikolai_karonin-petropavlovsky	russian male
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
bhaskar_sunkara	american of
raghab_bandyopadhyay	living people
ilya_tolstoy	russian russian
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
polina_suslova	russian russian
robert_haven_schauffler	american from
nicolás_gómez_dávila	chilean deaths
anne_eyre_worboys	20th-century women novelists
gary_russell	english male
charles_lockwood_:author	american births
cathi_bond	canadian women novelists
dmitry_bykov	russian writers
emma_jane_hogbin	canadian from
barrie_jean_borich	21st-century women writers
henry_winterfeld	american births
charles_de_lint	21st-century from novelists
henry_avray_tipping	english deaths
david_sheffield	american television
eric_m.witchey	american american short
eric_rohmann	american from
ferenc_talányi	people writers
maurissa_tancharoen	american from
marita_bonner	american american
aleš_berger	slovenian from
françois_gautier	french male
mary_peters_:hymn_writer	people births
rené_galand	french births
ellen_anne_hewett	people births
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
christie_harris	canadian from
dnyanesh_maharao	indian from
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
mohammad_moniruzzaman	bengali of
ben_stein	american male
naoko_hayashiba	japanese japanese
miriam_young	american births
boleslav_markevich	russian male
mark_clifton	american american novelists
markus_hediger	swiss from
pat_condell	english educated
ali_aliu	people births
auguste_lorieux	french deaths
bruno_fuligni	french male
arthur_bernard_lewis	american television
robert_stevenson_:director	people births
bruce_cassiday	american births
achille_campanile	italian male
emma_richler	21st-century canadian short
marsha_canham	canadian women writers
paola_drigo	italian women
ayako_fujitani	japanese births
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
mark_pryor_:author	american from
r._chudamani	20th-century women
alana_lowes	australian from
norma_k._hemming	20th-century women writers
george_monbiot	british of
maxim_gorky	russian male
august_alle	estonian deaths
moti_nandi	indian of
michelle_cartlidge	living people
akram_aylisli	azerbaijani azerbaijani
arthur_c.clarke	english from
mary_griffith	american children's writers
fran_detela	slovenian of
nan_nyunt_swe	burmese births
gail_simone	american comics
robert_karjel	living births
hart_amos	australian births
alex_haley	american from
enzo_siciliano	italian male
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
matthew_condon	australian short
diana_e.h.russell	south african
michel_onfray	french french
p._balachandran	indian male
h.m.hoover	american women novelists
raimund_hermann_siegfried_moltke	german deaths
matija_divković	bosnia and herzegovina
michèle_laframboise	canadian children's writers
gore_vidal	american from
nick_dear	english male
pero_budmani	serbian serbian
nicholas_delbanco	american university
david_a.kaplan	american of
nuno_bernardo	american television
melissa_harris-perry	american from
octavio_paz	mexican women
charlie_rubin	american television writers
helen_pidd	people of
robert_antoni	american from
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
edward_fox_:author	american from
henry_s.whitehead	american american short
michael_j._sullivan_:author	american american novelists
germaine_greer	australian from
berton_roueché	american from
amitava_kumar	american from
dan_gutman	american from
chris_claremont	english births
meinolf_finke	german births
brad_gooch	american from
giulio_angioni	italian italian
matthew_berry	american from
charly_chiarelli	canadian from
rafael_chaparro_madiedo	20th-century novelists
cynthia_ozick	american american
edmund_goulding	people film
barbara_branden	canadian from
norm_augustinus	american of
narayan_ghosh_mita	bangladeshi of is
frederick_buechner	american from
michael_moorcock	english science
mary_kingsley	19th-century deaths
r._s._mugali	indian from
ed_lin	american american short
michael_punke	american people
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
peter_sotos	american people
dikran_chökürian	ottoman armenian
beverly_cleary	american from
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
bill_coffin	american from
michael_sledge	american male
carl_muller	south lankan
mark_o'donnell	american from
horace_mccoy	american from
gordon_lish	american american novelists
olivier_cadiot	french french
bruce_helford	american television writers
robert_antoni	american from
b.m.suhara	20th-century women
holly_nelson	canadian of
harriet_elizabeth_prescott_spofford	american american
carol_emshwiller	american american short
eric_rohmann	american from
pamela_morsi	american women novelists
crescenzo_alatri	italian italian
brandon_mull	american of
humberto_costantini	argentine women
mark_shand	people of
peter_weiss	german from
michael_shipley_:screenwriter	american people
eric_mitchell_:filmmaker	american film
belinda_jones_:writer	english women
carol_dunlop	canadian from
barbara_delinsky	21st-century women novelists
paul_levitz	american comics
hrvoje_hitrec	croatian novelists
coral_lansbury	australian from
craig_hickman	american from
maurice_halperin	american from
henry_miller	american from
hava_volovich	russian writers
gunvor_hofmo	norwegian women writers
dr.seuss	american from
robert_antelme	french deaths
barbara_euphan_todd	english deaths
charles_angell_bradford	british of
raphael_shore	canadian births
henry_naylor	english male
rabina_khan	british of
benoît_peeters	french births
frances_noyes_hart	american from
harut_sassounian	american deaths
maría_dueñas	spanish women
chandramathi	indian indian
diana_morgan_:writer	year of birth missing
david_lamb_:journalist	american from
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
miha_mazzini	slovenian from
dj_hazard_:comedian	american male
anne_mcallister	american romantic novelists
diana_atkinson	canadian women novelists
brandon_peterson	american births
hu_yepin	20th-century deaths
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
robert_fisk	people of
ali_el-maak	20th-century deaths
peter_coleman	australian of
gary_delaney	english births
robert_d.cardona	american television
aron_eli_coleite	american television writers
richard_g._rosner	american from
gunning_s.bedford	american deaths
dominick_dunne	american from
naomi_novik	american american novelists
phillip_hoose	american from
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
oliva_sabuco	spanish births
duncan_rouleau	year of birth
greg_bear	american american novelists
peter_james_:writer	english births
maurice_francis_egan	american from
mick_anglo	people births
michael_caulfield	australian people
charlotte_zolotow	american women
delight_evans	american of
abena_busia	20th-century women writers
frank_waters	american from
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
francis_george_fowler	english births
maría_esther_vázquez	argentine women
melissa_schroeder	american women novelists
charlotte_von_kalb	german births
rian_johnson	american television
allan_sealy	indian from
marjorie_harris	canadian from
feardorcha_ó_conaill	irish deaths
bharago	indian from
alexandru_bantoș	moldovan writers
barry_michael_harman	american from
camille_recht	german women writers
catherine_chung	american american novelists
birendra_kumar_bhattacharya	indian from
ahmed_baba_miské	mauritanian deaths
antonio_macías_del_real	year births
georgi_vladimov	russian writers
edwin_s.grosvenor	american from
alexandre_del_valle	french people
graham_joyce	english births
carol_mendelsohn	american television writers
forrest_crissey	american from
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
elizabeth_enright	american from
e.nelson_bridwell	american comics
michael_moorcock	english science
mark_barrowcliffe	english births
craig_lancaster	american male
charles_gordon_:journalist	canadian canadian
aleksandre_tarsaidze	american deaths
maria_koleva	french births
paul_levinson	american american
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
benjamin_taylor_:author	american university
aurelio_espinosa_pólit	20th-century novelists
perry_rosemond	canadian from
angus_donald	21st-century of novelists
bart_kosko	american from
ben_cormack	english births
frances_parthenope_verney	19th-century women writers
armitage_trail	american american novelists
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
george_ade	american american
radu_pavel_gheo	romanian short
chandramathi	indian indian
myriam_francois-cerrah	living people writers
fahmida_riaz	pakistani of
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
anatole_broyard	american from
cheryl_rubenberg	people of
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
franz_gehring	german deaths
elizabeth_hawes_:author	year of birth
alex_leslie	21st-century women novelists
graham_hurley	english of writers
darryl_ponicsan	american american novelists
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
ali_al-abdallah	year of is
robert_sellers	living births
deborah_kimmett	21st-century women novelists
martine_broda	french women writers
derek_drymon	american male
edgar_allan_poe	american american
nikolai_uspensky	russian russian
reşat_ekrem_koçu	turkish deaths
maría_argelia_vizcaíno	living women
rajnarayan_basu	bengali writers
paul_levitz	american comics
oscar_alfaro	people deaths
alessandro_ghebreigziabiher	italian male
mary_tate_engels	american of writers
matthew_weiner	american television
arnold_m.auerbach	american television
david_baillie_:comics	british of
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
pati_hill	american births
robbie_branscum	american women
premchand	indian from
david_jacobs_:writer	american television writers
andré-paul_duchâteau	belgian births
n._j._crisp	english english
maria_rosseels	belgian belgian
motohiko_izawa	japanese japanese
arnold_zweig	german of
pedro_malón_de_chaide	spanish births
andrew_collins_:broadcaster	english male
dwivedula_visalakshi	indian writers
pam_veasey	american television writers
mike_fasolo	american people
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
edhem_mulabdić	bosnia and
elwyn_jones_:writer	british births
dan_turèll	male births
alojzy_lysko	people from
nikhilanand_panigrahy	living writers
matthew_weiner	american television
emil_filipčič	slovenian from
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
dan_washburn	american births
alex_shoumatoff	american from
raphaël_confiant	french people
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
norah_mcclintock	canadian people
george_burditt_:writer	american from
nora_bossong	german women
aurelio_gonzález_ovies	spanish births
giannina_braschi	american women
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
martin_lodewijk	living births
remo_forlani	french male
aaron_elkins	american american novelists
mukhtar_shakhanov	living writers
peter_o'donnell	english from
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
mato_lovrak	20th-century novelists
mohan_deep	living people
mary_francis_shura	american women novelists
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
cesare_balbo	italian italian
reginald_hill	english of
drew_hayes	american comics
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
richard_grayson_:writer	american university
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
pagu	brazilian women
michael_hodges_:writer	american male
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
patrick_süskind	german women
robert_p.t.coffin	american american
peter_lovesey	english short
david_milofsky	american american short
harishankar_parsai	indian writers
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
francisco_laguna_correa	american births
adam_kazimierz_czartoryski	recipients of the
damian_lanigan	british births
daedalus_howell	american from
marijo_moore	american from
cvetka_bevc	slovenian from
allen_adler	american from
nick_bertozzi	american comics
gertrude_bell	english of
margaret_geddes	australian births
emilio_rabasa	austrian deaths
evgenia_tur	russian short
alexander_neverov	russian male
bob_bendetson	american television writers
arkadiy_belinkov	russian writers
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
don_escudero	people deaths
bryan_edgar_wallace	british births
franco_scaglia	italian italian
pu_songling	iranian from
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
christian_cooper	american of birth
david_friedrichsfeld	german deaths
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
raphaël_confiant	french people
martín_caparrós	argentine births
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
mark_sable	american comics
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
morten_korch	male short
ernest_rhys	scottish deaths
rabina_khan	british of
baltasar_lopes_da_silva	cape verdean
fedja_isović	bosnia and herzegovina
hannah_burdon	19th-century deaths
margaret_ashmun	american from
mary_turzillo	21st-century american novelists
nathalie_gassel	belgian births
ethel_portnoy	dutch deaths
david_wohl	american comics
helen_corke	20th-century women
richard_leonard	people of
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
dan_turèll	male births
renée_french	american comics
catherine_mary_macsorley	irish women
alejandro_pérez_lugín	spanish male
nicolae_negru	moldovan writers
annie_lee_rees	new zealand
garin_wolf	american television writers
christine_adamo	french women writers
brett_borgen	norwegian women
dante_troisi	italian male
diriye_osman	alumni from
naoko_hayashiba	japanese japanese
claude_bourdet	german from
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
morris_lurie	australian australian
patrice_evans	american bloggers
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
rae_earl	english women
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
marguerite_j._gascoigne	20th-century women novelists
georges_cogniot	french deaths
alfredo_armas_alfonzo	venezuelan births
erik_orton	american from
giorgio_amendola	italian male
h.warner_munn	american american novelists
delwar_hussain	alumni of
alexander_jablokov	american american short
maurissa_tancharoen	american from
barry_mccrea	irish births
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
gregg_easterbrook	american from
gianna_manzini	20th-century women
alix_kates_shulman	21st-century women novelists
adam_klein_:writer	american male
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
robert_h.abel	american american short
ghulam_sarwar	bangladeshi of
abul_asad	bangladeshi births
hari_singh_dilbar	indian of
amar_jaleel	pakistani of
nikolaos_kontopoulos	people deaths
aleksandar_hemon	american american
nina_grunfeld	living births
ananda_chandra_barua	indian from
rebecca_walker	american women
alex_haley	american from
premchand	indian from
mundhir_qabbānī	living arabian
catherine_buckle	20th-century births
amina_mama	21st-century of
dan_jones_:writer	english of
cevin_soling	american births
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
chris_stedman	american from
elizabeth_tyrwhitt	english of writers
genevieve_foster	american from
nuray_lale	living women
germaine_greer	australian from
colin_dexter	english of
chris_hayward	american from
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
bill_oddie	english educated
david_j.mitchell	canadian from
faranak_margolese	american people
claire_de_duras	french births
paul_magrs	english science
raymond_abrashkin	american from
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
anthony_browne_:author	british of writers
derek_brown_:editor	british of birth
nino_nakashidze	20th-century women
hans_wollschläger	german births
g.k.chesterton	english male
ada_cambridge	australian women
elmer_bendiner	american deaths
nikolai_leykin	russian male
najat_el_hachmi	spanish births
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
dmitri_prigov	russian male
a.m.homes	american american
gladys_casely-hayford	20th-century women
germaine_greer	australian from
blanca_de_lizaur	mexican women
bárður_oskarsson	south births
michael_nugent	irish people
alfonso_gumucio_dagron	20th-century from
arthur_j.burks	american from
don_perrin	canadian from
arnold_leibovit	american television
moacyr_scliar	brazilian deaths
brett_johnson_:writer	american television writers
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
frederick_rolfe	english short
mehrunnisa_parvez	indian women
mohinder_pratap_chand	indian from
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
patricio_sturlese	living people
florin_pavlovici	romanian births
gore_vidal	american from
raewyn_alexander	new zealand
edward_r.pease	english of
allan_zullo	american of birth
alex_beam	american of
fortune_feimster	american television
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
gregory_mcdonald	american american novelists
edith_ellis	english women
gavin_stamp	english of
oliveria_prescott	english deaths
michio_takeyama	japanese japanese
brenda_chapman_:writer	21st-century women novelists
philip_k._dick	american american
amos_oz	israeli novelists
bryan_gruley	american american novelists
matt_k._lewis	american of
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
c.k.stead	new zealand
george_calderon	english of
miriam_roth	american people
alter_kacyzne	20th-century novelists
elizabeth_korte	american television writers
matt_silverstein	american television
arnulfo_trejo	american american
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
ariel_levy	american american
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
paul_leyssac	people births
makyo_:comics	marc j. is is american writer writer and
mirosław_nahacz	polish male
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
marilyn_kaye	living from
michel_onfray	french french
gérard_de_villiers	french deaths
richard_bach	american from
mary_turzillo	21st-century american novelists
richard_hooker_:author	american from
ann_c.crispin	american women novelists
darren_greer	canadian from
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
abelardo_castillo	argentine argentine
melissa_lucashenko	australian women
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
arnold_arre	filipino births
ailsa_piper	australian from
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
alan_cheuse	american american short
morgan_higby_night	american births
horace_kephart	american deaths
dave_morice	american male
carl_phillips	american from
andrievs_niedra	latvian births
bernardo_vega	dominican republic
donald_f.campbell	people births
drew_karpyshyn	dungeons from dragons
gwynne_williams	year of birth missing
gorur_ramaswamy_iyengar	indian writers
bruce_bawer	american from
ben_myers	british births
pierre_béarn	french french
bharago	indian from
frédéric_beigbeder	french french
adam_hamdy	english births
muriel_draper	american women
riccardo_bacchelli	italian women
alicia_tindal_palmer	19th-century women writers
ernie_hart	american comics
dimitrije_kantakuzin	15th-century of
nar-dos	armenian armenian
david_nobbs	english educated
arthur_bedford_:writer	people of
erik_lie_:writer	norwegian norwegian
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
ahmad_fuadi	american writers
peter_nichols	english male
alex_shoumatoff	american from
nacio_herb_brown	american from
mary_lamb	19th-century women
pam_brady	american television writers
andrej_e.skubic	slovenian from
robert_d.cardona	american television
dirk_jan_ten_geuzendam	filipino births
michael_rowe	american television writers
b.m.suhara	20th-century women
ignacio_ramírez	austrian deaths
gustaw_przeczek	polish from
howard_overman	year of birth missing
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
charlie_angus	canadian from
ahmed_mohamed_al-hofi	people of
max_blecher	romanian novelists
r._g._de_s._wettimuny	theravada deaths
ginger_wadsworth	american women writers
markus_hediger	swiss from
david_horowitz	american from
red_haircrow	living people
erik_honoré	norwegian births
nabin_chandra_bardoloi	indian from
nikolai_karonin-petropavlovsky	russian male
margaret_maddocks	20th-century women novelists
martyn_skinner	people births
heinz_piontek	german deaths
pavel_řezníček	argentine births
mary_hood	american women novelists
amy_sackville	alumni of
martin_pasko	canadian from writers
dwayne_wayans	american male
mary_renault	20th-century from
barbara_branden	canadian from
mike_leigh	english male
harry_crane	american television
georgia_byng	people of
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
bjørnstjerne_bjørnson	norwegian norwegian
charles_gramlich	american american short
cecilio_acosta	venezuelan deaths
rebecca_solnit	american women
francesco_scipione,_marchese_di_maffei	italian births
robert_loren_fleming	american comics
david_jay_brown	american from novelists
atin_bandyopadhyay	bengali writers
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
david_garnett	20th-century short
pierre_decourcelle	french french
f.digby_hardy	people of
anne_bragance	21st-century women writers
antonio_tabucchi	italian from
dun_karm_psaila	people deaths
beth_lisick	american of novelists
daniel_sieradski	american births
clay_fulks	american deaths
charles_gaines	american from
anibal_joão_melo	slovenian births
panteleimon_romanov	russian short
grant_allen	canadian from
erzsébet_galgóczi	mexican women writers
alexander_stein	russian male
mary_hartwell_catherwood	american from
peter_elliot	american male
paul-jacques_bonzon	french french writers
boudewijn_büch	dutch deaths
dominick_dunne	american from
emmanuel_itier	french film directors
robert_f.young	american male novelists
burton_berinsky	american births
matthew_weiner	american television
ayu_utami	indonesian writers
bob_shaw	20th-century from fiction
a.k.chettiar	indian births
graeme_davis_:game_designer	video comics
arne_espeland	norwegian norwegian
francine_prose	american american novelists
nancy_taylor_rosenberg	living people
per_roger_lauritzen	living births
alan_bleasdale	english male
eve_titus	american deaths
diana_atkinson	canadian women novelists
bertram_brooker	canadian from
raditya_dika	living births
nene_gare	australian women
holly_nelson	canadian of
evelyn_waugh	english of
pascal_bruckner	french french
nuno_bernardo	american television
mario_rodríguez_cobos	argentine births
randolph_stow	australian australian
rené_lapierre	canadian canadian novelists
e.hoffmann_price	american american short
michael_mcquarn	american television writers
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
chris_marker	french male
reginald_hill	english of
mike_butterworth	english births novelists
marguerite_poland	south african
gary_demar	american from writers
fahmida_riaz	pakistani of
malidoma_patrice_somé	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
david_albahari	serbian novelists
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
doron_medalie	israeli people
colin_beavan	american births
anthony_swofford	american from
chintha_ravi	indian male
a.m.homes	american american
geoff_ryman	21st-century male novelists
nguyễn_ngọc_ngạn	canadian from
denton_welch	english of
pavel_nilin	russian short
antoni_bohdziewicz	israeli deaths
pieter_aspe	belgian births
adibah_amin	malaysian writers
fred_j.broomfield	australian births
ernest_marwick	scottish deaths
christine_craig	21st-century short
cora_coralina	brazilian women
antonio_alatorre	20th-century from
adam_gopnik	american from
nikos_psyroukis	people deaths
doina_ruști	romanian novelists
george_lockhart_:politician	people of
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
edgar_cantero	spanish births
christianna_brand	20th-century women novelists
heather_donahue	american from
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
mark_salzman	american from
nader_kadhim	living people
bret_hart	canadian from
iain_aitch	british of birth
muriel_draper	american women
gerald_vizenor	american american
andy_merrill	american male
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
parnell_hall_:writer	american american novelists
matilda_hays	19th-century women
germaine_greer	australian from
peter_ocko	american television writers
ada_jack_carver_snell	american from
gavin_extence	english male
mike_leigh	english male
anne_devlin_:writer	people of writers
david_ossman	american from
alain_dorémieux	french french
hossein_mortezaeian_abkenar	iranian births
richard_christian_matheson	american american
caroline_anderson_:writer	21st-century women novelists
mrs_f._c._patrick	20th-century women novelists
doug_cooper_:author	american from
elizabeth_korte	american television writers
david_icke	english of
mustafa_sarıgül	living people
angus_reach	19th-century deaths
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
gita_sahgal	indian from
anthony_ryan_:writer	british science
meinolf_finke	german births
doris_runge	german women writers
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
aquiles_nazoa	venezuelan from
daphne_clair	20th-century women novelists
david_astle	australian australian
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
meg_medina	american from
funahashi_seiichi	japanese births
mena_calthorpe	australian women
max_blecher	romanian novelists
megan_boyle	living people
charles_o'conor_:historian	people births
norman_douglas	english of
genevieve_clay	australian births
alex_haley	american from
paul_dobransky	living people
edith_bruck	20th-century women
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
betty_friedan	american american
blanche_d'alpuget	20th-century women
antonio_ros_de_olano	polish births
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
brian_plummer	british births
alexander_kanengoni	british deaths
berta_bojetu	slovenian from
nigel_calder	english educated
anibal_joão_melo	slovenian births
allegra_huston	english from
harjeet_atwal	indian indian
mildred_ames	american women novelists
cvetka_bevc	slovenian from
robert_e.thompson	american from
giammaria_mazzucchelli	italian deaths
mildred_barya	ugandan women
charles_hugh_smith	american births
hanna_johansen	swiss births
françois_rabelais	french male
arun_krushnaji_kamble	indian births
chris_bachelder	american from
benjamin_lebert	german births
nick_dear	english male
charlie_angus	canadian from
abel_meeropol	american deaths
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
henry_bordeaux	french deaths
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
alfred_masson-forestier	french french
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
caleb_crain	american of
antonio_ros_de_olano	polish births
ada_cambridge	australian women
arnold_drake	american comics
gábor_görgey	hungarian from
pierre_ryckmans_:writer	21st-century births
catherynne_m.valente	21st-century american novelists
mikhail_stasyulevich	russian deaths
giannina_braschi	american women
boris_georgievich_derevenskij	russian male
david_madden_:novelist	american from
edward_ormondroyd	american of novelists
ignace_lepp	french deaths
amber_benson	american women writers
dave_godfrey	canadian from
peter_stursberg	canadian of
pierre_michon	french births
mary_ann_kilner	19th-century women writers
gary_david_goldberg	american television
netta_muskett	british women novelists
erin_markey	american women
dominique_joseph_garat	french births
mira_mihelič	slovenian from
mitch_cullin	american american
han_su-san	south korean
dmitri_prigov	russian male
paul_kater	living people
enrique_gonzález_rojo,_jr	mexican births
margaret_larkin	american american
montague_haltrecht	english from
edward_dicey	english deaths
boyd_clack	canadian people
annamarie_jagose	21st-century women
apuleius	2nd-century romans
p-p_hartnett	21st-century short
a.n.krishna_rao	telugu writers
alexander_goldstein_:writer	russian novelists
christophe_honoré	french male
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
aya_tanimura	australian women writers
christoph_von_schmid	german women
d.j.machale	american television writers
paul_alexander_:british_writer	living of birth
gert_hofmann	20th-century from
chris_stedman	american from
hans_beimler_:screenwriter	american television writers
andré_aciman	american american
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
mervyn_peake	english from
helen_o'clery	irish women writers
andrea_bajani	italian births
ben_dolnick	american from novelists
flavio_herrera	guatemalan short
olivier_adam	french french
francisco_herrera_luque	20th-century novelists
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
adolf_muschg	german from
françois_bon	french french novelists
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
erica_james	20th-century women novelists
max_tau	german deaths
mat_johnson	american from
chandradhar_barua	20th-century from
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
rebecca_skloot	american births writers
charles_dickens	english male
maria_pypelinckx	flemish births
richard_e._kim	american writers
anna_wheeler_:author	irish women
michael_scarce	american of
dorothy_mackie_low	20th-century of novelists
maurice_champagne	french male
george_william_russell	irish deaths
daniel_scott_:writer	american american novelists
nordahl_rolfsen	norwegian births
omar_pound	20th-century from
evgenia_tur	russian short
brigitte_aubert	french women writers
attila_henrik_szabó	hungarian male
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
marion_lennox	australian women writers
maurice_constantin-weyer	french french
ned_vizzini	american american
mirko_breyer	venezuelan births
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
casey_plett	canadian canadian
ostap_vyshnya	russian writers
michael_levine_:publicist	american from
charles_steggall	english deaths
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
edith_thacher_hurd	american women writers
dan_goldman	american comics
mikhail_zhvanetsky	recipients of
bill_oddie	english educated
nirmal_verma	indian from
hashir_mohamed	living births
haden_blackman	american comics birth
maxim_gorky	russian male
graham_salisbury	american from
apuleius	2nd-century romans
andrej_blatnik	slovenian from
george_woodcock	canadian from
michael_punke	american people
charles_bucke	english male
carl_amery	german male
minfong_ho	living people
gail_vaz-oxlade	canadian from
arthur_achleitner	people deaths
c.v.sreeraman	indian male
michelle_izmaylov	american women novelists
dr.seuss	american from
bharago	indian from
hubert_harrison	american of
robert_donston_stephenson	english births
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
c.d.payne	american american novelists
bernard_beckett	new births
dasaradhi_rangacharya	indian from
nina_burleigh	american of
candice_millard	american of
david_carr_:journalist	american from
christy_brown	irish deaths
nawal_el_saadawi	egyptian people
howard_chaykin	american from
martin_segon	serbian of
mary_elizabeth_hawker	19th-century women
otto_manninen	people births
henry_blue_kline	american american
frank_o'connor	irish deaths
brandon_mull	american of
aino_malmberg	people births
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
natalie_minardi_slater	american television writers
marina_ripa_di_meana	italian women
nina_güthner	19th-century women writers
natasha_walter	living births
adam_niswander	american american short
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
alana_lowes	australian from
paula_giddings	american university
bohdan_pawłowicz	israeli deaths
robert_bloch	american american novelists
mark_waid	american comics
mercedes_valdivieso	20th-century women
anna_seghers	german of
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
eric_liu	american from
nejc_gazvoda	slovenian from
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
rituparna_basu	living from
paul_zacharia	indian indian
aline_valek	brazilian women
rob_st.john	english births
catherine_seipp	american from
michel_onfray	french french
carleton_mabee	american from
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
chester_himes	american from
frances_erskine_inglis,_1st_marquise_of_calderón_de_la_barca	british of
bernadette_hall	new zealand novelists
philip_kreiner	canadian canadian novelists
pavao_ritter_vitezović	people of
maxim_gorky	russian male
bakdi_soemanto	indonesian writers
pierre_ryckmans_:writer	21st-century births
evan_solomon	canadian people
curtis_roosevelt	american from
alfred_andersch	german of
barry_turner_:journalist	british of
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
reidar_thomassen	norwegian norwegian
carol_severance	american women novelists
patrice_killoffer	french people
hermann_kant	german of
paula_broadwell	american from
burton_berinsky	american births
quim_barreiros	living people
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
rob_lotterstein	american of writers
aleksandrs_grīns	latvian births
nick_flynn	american male
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
geneviève_billette	canadian canadian novelists
david_edelsten	british of
rami_ollaik	living people
marie_kohler	american from
imad_rahman	american of
mary_pope_osborne	american women writers
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
henry_kreisel	canadian male novelists
charles_gaines	american from
mark_a._altman	american television writers
didi_menosi	israeli jews
patricia_gaffney	21st-century women novelists
hart_amos	australian births
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
ottar_grepstad	living births
naira_gelashvili	people novelists
dorothy_p.lathrop	american from
naomi_novik	american american novelists
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
pie_corbett	living people
donald_gallinger	american american short
rich_wilson_:journalist	english of
mary_lorson	american of birth
clara_de_chatelain	19th-century deaths
eric_dando	australian short story
mika_waltari	finnish births
paulette_nardal	20th-century women writers
galad_elflandsson	canadian from
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
fiona_fox_:press_officer	people of
mary_hood	american women novelists
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
maurice_nadeau	french deaths
derek_benz	american american novelists
prabda_yoon	living people
p._c._wren	english births
maude_kegg	american women writers
ellen_hollond	19th-century women writers
bill_coffin	american from
ann_hyland	british of birth
norris_mcwhirter	people of
pierre_daninos	20th-century french
glenn_o'brien	american of
pramod_raman	indian women short
edmond_hamilton	american comics
fernando_argenta	spanish male
robert_hull	american television writers
boaz_lavie	people lavie
angelica_garnett	english deaths
orson_spencer	american from
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
brad_ferguson	american american novelists
mary_francis_shura	american women novelists
francine_prose	american american novelists
christian_tămaș	romanian births
mağjan_jumabayev	people deaths
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
ayodhya_prasad_upadhyay	indian deaths
ian_rogers_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
brian_hargrove	american television
ferdo_godina	slovenian births
franz_fühmann	german german
patrick_califia	american from
ari_berk	american american novelists
mark_lund	american from
rob_williams_:comics	living of birth
pete_moore_:science_writer	living people
gérard_klein	french births fiction
alaya_dawn_johnson	american women novelists
emanuela_da_ros	italian women writers
douglas_kenney	american from
norman_levine	canadian canadian novelists
matthew_of_janow	italian births
boris_vasilyev_:writer	russian male
carl_phillips	american from
agustin_cueva	israeli deaths
geneviève_billette	canadian canadian novelists
gale_wilhelm	american american
martha_frick_symington_sanger	living births
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
david_fury	american television
mitchell_hurwitz	american television writers
fridtjov_søiland_birkeli	people deaths
edgar_hilsenrath	german german
alice_priestley	canadian women
marguerite_henry	american women novelists
grigory_adamov	russian male
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
chris_bachelder	american from
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
francis_marrash	ottoman deaths
andrej_blatnik	slovenian from
florencio_varela_:writer	albanian male
paul_gustavson	american deaths
fernando_ponce_de_león	brazilian novelists
mike_benson_:screenwriter	american television writers
antanas_škėma	lithuanian novelists
monika_van_paemel	belgian women
asar_eppel	russian short
chris_langham	english male
claude_ribbe	french births
qustaki_al-himsi	ottoman deaths
helena_araújo	21st-century short
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
horace_mccoy	american from
andrew_coburn_:author	american american novelists
brad_ferguson	american american novelists
mundhir_qabbānī	living arabian
i.dragoslav	romanian short
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
michalis_fakinos	turkish people
gert_prokop	german male
michele_zackheim	21st-century women novelists
antonio_skármeta	chilean jews
carlos_manuel_de_céspedes_y_quesada	people births
david_astle	australian australian
nan_fairbrother	people deaths
patricia_maclachlan	american from novelists
nan_chauncy	australian from
ernest_thompson	american from
richard_newman_:broadcaster	lgbt male
ante_kovačić	people deaths
friedrich_de_la_motte_fouqué	german births
michael_atkinson_:writer	living people
rich_blomquist	american television
federico_campbell	mexican women
eli_clare	american from
melanie_guile	australian children's
anura_c.perera	sri lankan
anatole_broyard	american from
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
bharago	indian from
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
dennis_mallonee	american comics
h.g.wells	english of
maria_von_peteani	20th-century deaths
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
robert_a.heinlein	american from
ben_sherwood	american from
rajesh_vankar	indian writers
richard_crasta	american male
brigitte_reimann	german women writers
hans_braarvig	norwegian deaths
mike_barker_:producer	american television writers
patricia_matthews	20th-century women novelists
amédée_papineau	19th-century births
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
peter_ling	english births
gene_levitt	american television
multatuli	dutch deaths
bernie_west	american from
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
alenka_goljevšček	slovenian from
rashaan_nall	american male
mary_renault	20th-century from
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
mike_carey_:writer	english of
martha_mason_:writer	people births
heinz_politzer	american jews
dave_thompson_:author	british births
aonghas_macneacail	scottish births
aranka_siegal	american women
grace_lumpkin	american american
richard_e._kim	american writers
cara_black_:author	21st-century women novelists
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
melody_moezzi	american from
penelope_hobhouse	english of
dikran_chökürian	ottoman armenian
colleen_gleason	american women novelists
mary_martha_sherwood	english women writers
peter_ho_davies	british of
maria_rosseels	belgian belgian
paulo_setúbal	brazilian births
eric_garcia	american from
michael_t._scott	american male
myke_cole	american american novelists
brian_cleeve	irish from
bud_sparhawk	american american short
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
clive_barker	lgbt male
nikolai_garin-mikhailovsky	russian russian
bruno_schulz	polish male
phyllis_a._whitney	american women
eugie_foster	american american novelists
chandrakant_keni	indian writers
hans_joachim_alpers	german births
moshe_pearlman	israeli deaths
betty_neels	20th-century women novelists
ahmed_deedat	south african
emanuilo_janković	serbian deaths
robbie_branscum	american women
abena_busia	20th-century women writers
montague_haltrecht	english from
don_dagradi	american male
béatrix_beck	20th-century women
mary_mapes_dodge	american women
mohan_deep	living people
enrique_dussel	argentine from
ng_yi-sheng	singaporean people
mandagere_subbarao_krishnamurthy	people births was was a writer writer and
ralph_fletcher	american american
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
norm_augustinus	american of
frederick_buechner	american from
annie_groovie	canadian from
alex_law	american comics writers
gregory_mcdonald	american american novelists
belo_cipriani	american american
mulk_raj_anand	indian of
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
helena_khan	bangladeshi of is
basil_wells	american american short
catherine_jones_:novelist	place of birth
ellen_meloy	american from
erik_honoré	norwegian births
dmitry_begichev	russian deaths
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
elizabeth_wormeley_latimer	19th-century women
earl_oliver	american from
bernie_west	american from
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
michael_vatikiotis	american from
matt_brandstein	american comics
hryhorii_epik	ukrainian of
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
boleslav_markevich	russian male
mary_howard_:novelist	20th-century women novelists
doreen_cronin	american of writers
apostolos_doxiadis	greek births
mohan_deep	living people
hu_yepin	20th-century deaths
anselmo_suárez_y_romero	guatemalan novelists
grace_hallock	american of death
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
pat_rosier	new zealand
mišo_juzmeski	turkish people
regina_doman	21st-century women
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
mark_gruenwald	american comics
charles_nisard	french deaths
george_lockhart_:politician	people of
elizabeth_strong_worthington	american women
michael_mcginley	year of death
edith_pattou	american women novelists
akiva_schaffer	american male
christina_crawford	american women writers
gretel_ehrlich	american american
narayan_sitaram_phadke	indian deaths
pat_mills	living comics
abby_mann	american television
richard_rive	20th-century african
bodine_boling	american births
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
pattathuvila_karunakaran	20th-century male
paul_marsden	british of
david_hitchcock_:comics	english births
harvey_broadbent	australian from
amina_mama	21st-century of
dahlia_lithwick	canadian of birth
mike_greenly	american births
ellis_marcus	american television writers
gertrude_bell	english of
bill_brewster_:dj	british writers
mojca_kumerdej	slovenian women
percival_everett	american american
bi_feiyu	people women
adrien_rouquette	people deaths
gertrude_bell	english of
ram_sarup_ankhi	indian from
eldridge_cleaver	american from
mons_lie_:writer	20th-century short
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
paola_corso	21st-century american writers
christina_vella	american from
mercy_otis_warren	american american
robert_bloch	american american novelists
anne_hopkins_aitken	american from
norman_lowell	living births
midori_:author	american from
garnet_walch	australian deaths
david_barr_kirtley	american american novelists
nathan_burgoine	canadian canadian novelists
dan_slott	american of writers
rafael_cardoso_:art_historian	mexican births
phil_lollar	american births
george_eckstein	american television
matt_granfield	australian births
fariba_vafi	iranian births
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
matilda_hays	19th-century women
phillipe-ignace_françois_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
amarkant	indian writers
emanuilo_janković	serbian deaths
diana_hart	canadian people
audre_lorde	american american
rafael_levaković	dominican deaths
mary_renault	20th-century from
edmond_hamilton	american comics
herbert_lyle_mayfield	american from
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
mohammad_sharaf-e-alam	indian writers
constance_hale	american women writers
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
esther_seligson	mexican women
ashot_beglarian	armenian deaths
bruce_eisner	american male
erich_ebermayer	german male
elizabeth_anne_finn	people deaths
brett_borgen	norwegian women
donald_james	british of
ashot_beglarian	armenian deaths
freeman_h.hubbard	american births
oliveria_prescott	english deaths
frances_erskine_inglis,_1st_marquise_of_calderón_de_la_barca	british of
hava_volovich	russian writers
george_woodcock	canadian from
denis_johnson	american american
achy_obejas	american american
arild_haga	norwegian births
mike_scully	american television writers
alice_mcdermott	american women
owen_wister	american from
edward_l.youmans	american from
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
dan_shaughnessy	american from
alfred_gissing	english of
abdullah_abu_sayeed	bangladeshi of
marie-louise_gay	canadian from
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
atis_kronvalds	people deaths
nelson_algren	american american
daniel_krige	australian television
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
anjum_anand	british of
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
ian_frazier	american from
nabin_chandra_bardoloi	indian from
edmond_hoyle	english deaths
charles_dickens	english male
golam_mostofa_:poet	indian from
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
cary_lu	american births
anthony_burgess	english from
henrietta_christian_wright	american children's
peter_weiss	german from
alexander_levitov	russian russian
anna_sheehan	21st-century women novelists
charmian_london	american from
domingo_del_monte	austrian women
alexander_tarasov-rodionov	russian male
allegra_huston	english from
chris_hayward	american from
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
marion_chesney	21st-century women fiction
henry_marie_brackenridge	american deaths
meredith_sue_willis	american women novelists
maria_elizabetha_jacson	19th-century women writers
alex_flinn	american women novelists
adolf_fierla	polish from
anne_holmberg	american women novelists
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
beatrice_lamwaka	ugandan women
arne_espeland	norwegian norwegian
chris_regan	american of birth
max_benitz	english male
ellen_galford	canadian of novelists
abby_mann	american television
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
franz_kafka	austrian births
orlando_wells	english male
peter_kosminsky	english male
meeka_walsh	canadian canadian novelists
matthew_condon	australian short
helen_zimmern	english births
ephraim_chambers	people births
raymond_mortimer	people of
michel_bibaud	canadian canadian
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
brian_payton	american american novelists
barbara_margaret_trimble	20th-century women novelists
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
pramod_raman	indian women short
rafael_sabatini	english births
philipp_meyer	american american
elizabeth_laime	american from
elizabeth_oldfield	year of birth missing
arnold_zweig	german of
robert_morace	american births writers
maxime_du_camp	french french
mary_louisa_molesworth	19th-century women
michael_fitzgerald_page	australian children's
benoit_pioulard	american births
anne_marriott	canadian women
peter_bradshaw	english births
aleksandar_hemon	american american
emilio_j.pasarell	puerto deaths
rené_de_ceccatty	french french novelists
aziz_nesin	turkish births
francisco_de_moraes	year births
robert_of_cricklade	english births
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
besnik_mustafaj	people male
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
maisie_mosco	marc births is a a writer and and
neela_padmanabhan	indian writers
noo_saro-wiwa	british of
brett_matthews	american television writers
richard_reeves_:british_author	british people
robert_kirkman	american male
patrick_lapeyre	french french
dmitri_savitski	russian writers
per_ahlmark	swedish of
george_jonas	canadian from
michael_reaves	american american novelists
alexander_ross_:writer	people births
david_icke	english of
matt_bullen	english births
pere_calders	20th-century novelists
michael_carroll_:author	living women
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
maung_khin_min_:danubyu	burmese writers
fatix_ämirxan	ukrainian deaths
richard_d._ryder	british of
rassundari_devi	bengali writers
hugo_blick	english male
mike_friedrich	american comics
robert_j.sawyer	canadian from
eraclio_zepeda	mexican births
dibyendu_palit	indian of
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
igiaba_scego	italian women writers
henry_bordeaux	french deaths
doron_medalie	israeli people
panagiotis_kondylis	20th-century writers
mykhailo_yalovy	ukrainian deaths
dionis_bubani	albanian albanian
bolwar_mahammad_kunhi	indian male
peter_ho_davies	british of
alex_shoumatoff	american from
alonso_duralde	american from
anatol_codru	moldovan births
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
carol_dunlop	canadian from
arturo_lanocita	italian births
ghassan_kanafani	20th-century novelists
robert_hettinga	living births
ginette_anfousse	canadian women writers
félix_luna	argentine births
byron_vincent	british births
douglas_kent_hall	american from
randy_cohen	american of
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
chuck_lorre	american television
alissa_quart	21st-century women
anne_homer	american women writers
bruce_feiler	american from
meridel_le_sueur	american women
olivier_rolin	french french
elisha_cooper	american of
bill_oddie	english educated
chris_zook	american of
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
milt_josefsberg	american television
paul_tough	canadian people
carmen_covito	italian births
muzaffer_i̇zgü	turkish people
miguel_syjuco	living people
anna-clara_tidholm	20th-century women writers
ol_parker	living births
crystal_wilkinson	american american
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
gustavo_álvarez_gardeazábal	chilean births
nordahl_rolfsen	norwegian births
nathanaël	canadian women novelists
dilman_dila	ugandan women
anvar_mammadkhanli	ukrainian deaths
gary_lachman	american from
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
alan_barnes_:writer	year of birth
george_wilbur_peck	american from
qustaki_al-himsi	ottoman deaths
panos_koutrouboussis	living people
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
michael_mclaverty	irish irish
deborah_biancotti	australian women writers
anne_marie_winston	american women novelists
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
maung_htin	burmese births
anne_villeneuve	canadian from
andrea_james	american from
rita_mae_brown	american american
bernie_west	american from
nicholas_whittaker	living people
p._c._wren	english births
emine_semiye_önasya	turkish writers
artur_augusto_da_silva	cape verdean
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
narayan_hemchandra	asom from
aaron_alfandari	people births
mitchell_hurwitz	american television writers
nicolas_falacci	american television writers
chris_gifford_:actor	american television
avdo_karabegović	bosnia and
annette_broadrick	american of novelists
cezaro_rossetti	scottish of
alejandro_pérez_lugín	spanish male
amber_dawn	21st-century women
holly_black	american women novelists
desmond_hogan	irish short
chip_johannessen	american television writers
charlotte_von_kalb	german births
robbie_branscum	american women
ashwin_sanghi	indian women
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
abdulrazak_eid	people writers
greg_daniels	american television
achy_obejas	american american
richard_appel	american from
george_kashdan	american comics
ana_rosa_tornero	bolivian births
glenn_rockowitz	american from
edward_boyd_:writer	british of
brian_payton	american american novelists
maureen_jennings	21st-century women writers
marie_rudisill	american births
murry_hope	english births
christopher_nicole	20th-century women novelists
ian_flynn	american births
frederick_rolfe	english short
brenda_chapman	american film
desmond_fennell	21st-century from
mike_smithson_:politics	people of
christie_harris	canadian from
anatoly_sofronov	recipients of
mitch_berman	american american novelists
ellie_herman	american television writers
mohamed_driss	british of
beth_lisick	american of novelists
ezio_vendrame	italian births
festus_iyayi	nigerian births
arjun_singh_sethi	american of
ben_humble	scottish deaths
adam_beechen	american male
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
charles_corm	dutch deaths
mehmed_kapetanović	bosnia and herzegovina
claude_mckay	people people
anna_seghers	german of
rob_lotterstein	american of writers
gene_levitt	american television
muhammed_bozdağ	turkish people
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
alissa_york	canadian women novelists
edmond_hamilton	american comics
d.c.fontana	american from
petar_zoranić	people births
francis_ryck	french male
atrpet	armenian armenian
daniel_handler	american male
henry_s.whitehead	american american short
charles_montgomery_:writer	canadian from
anne-pia_nygård	norwegian births
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
christopher_belton	21st-century of
eugene_jolas	american american
elin_wägner	swedish women
pat_condell	english educated
anne_homer	american women writers
bruno_lasker	american births
alicia_sheridan_lefanu	19th-century women
philippe_delerm	21st-century french
alexander_jablokov	american american short
mary_somerville	19th-century women
curtis_roosevelt	american from
iain_finlayson	scottish births
debra_anderson	canadian canadian novelists
mohamed_chafik	living births
randolph_stow	australian australian
emmanuel_itier	french film directors
melinda_m._snodgrass	20th-century american novelists
paz_márquez-benítez	people deaths
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
baratunde_thurston	american from
gábor_görgey	hungarian from
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
c.k.stead	new zealand
paul_stewart_:writer	english of birth
charles_étienne_brasseur_de_bourbourg	french french
arthur_golden	american from
clive_barker	lgbt male
daisy_gardner	american television writers
paul_petit_:writer	french deaths
per_ahlmark	swedish of
hugh_abercrombie_anderson	canadian from
charity_waciuma	20th-century women
martin_hyun	living births
gérard_de_villiers	french deaths
rajan_mukarung	burmese from
michael_dorfman	israeli jews
patricia_briggs	21st-century women novelists
carol_severance	american women novelists
h.g.wells	english of
owen_wister	american from
dan_flores	american from
abed_elrahim_abu_zakrra	20th-century deaths
andrei_vartic	moldovan writers
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
george_gipe	american male
dorothy_sterling	american women
raja_rao	indian from
beatrix_campbell	british of
g.k.chesterton	english male
daniel_pennac	french french
perch_proshyan	armenian deaths
bernardo_de_alderete	portuguese births
peter_weiss	german from
conrad_aiken	american american
cynthia_ozick	american american
brendan_o'carroll	irish from
angel_cruchaga_santa_maría	american deaths
pitcheswara_rao_atluri	year of birth missing
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
richard_edmonds_:scientist	people births
carlo_fruttero	italian births
meliza_bañales	american women
gillian_horvath	american television writers
nancy_phelan	20th-century women
berta_ruck	20th-century women novelists
andre_dubus	american american novelists
michael_mclaverty	irish irish
mark_rowlands	british writers
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
friedrich_de_la_motte_fouqué	german births
arthur_bernède	20th-century french
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
amiri_baraka	american from
penelope_fletcher	21st-century women writers
graham_swift	english male
marilyn_jaye_lewis	american births
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
francis_seow	singaporean of
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
eberhard_melchior_:naturalist	german deaths
gaelen_foley	american women novelists
p._craig_russell	american comics
marti_leimbach	21st-century women novelists
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
nouritza_matossian	english births
mary_berry	english educated
diriye_osman	alumni from
bengt_frithiofsson	australian births
antonio_tabucchi	italian from
aslak_dørum	norwegian births
alonso_duralde	american from
henry_miller	american from
mohammad-reza_shafiei_kadkani	iranian from
donald_burgett	american of
quentin_crisp	english male
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
bruno_schulz	polish male
mary_hennell	19th-century women writers
hermann_kant	german of
renate_stendhal	american births
alvaro_bermejo	spanish births
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
donna_kossy	american women
dacia_maraini	italian women
michael_dibdin	british of
fatou_diome	living births
catherynne_m.valente	21st-century american novelists
oswald_wynd	british of
bartho_smit	people deaths
ritchie_perry	21st-century women novelists
bill_james	american from
gyan_chaturvedi	indian from
richard_baker_:theologian	english deaths
georgi_vladimov	russian writers
beatrix_campbell	british of
alphonse_de_châteaubriant	french french
carolyn_reeder	american women novelists
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
chris_langham	english male
mary_maclane	canadian women
chris_shipley	american from
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
mark_millar	british of
ernest_hillen	canadian canadian
david_eddings	american american novelists
mark_blagrave	canadian canadian novelists
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
guy_hocquenghem	french french
rebecca_skloot	american births writers
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
mia_couto	20th-century short
franca_treur	dutch dutch
mağjan_jumabayev	people deaths
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
mary_ward_brown	american deaths
bernard_noël	french french novelists
barly_baruti	people deaths
daniel_le_clerc	people from
anthony_burgess	english from
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
morten_piil	living births
mrs_f._c._patrick	20th-century women novelists
i.dragoslav	romanian short
federico_andahazi	argentine argentine
aranka_siegal	american women
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
charles_harrington_elster	american male
robert_gernhardt	german german
dr.seuss	american from
angeline_hango	canadian women novelists
barbara_anderson_:writer	20th-century zealand zealand
melissa_harris-perry	american from
geoff_wolinetz	american births is
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
adrian_hyland	australian australian
amanda_kyle_williams	american women novelists
ian_maxtone-graham	american television
elisabeth_thorsell	swedish births
meeka_walsh	canadian canadian novelists
alexandre_del_valle	french people
ilse_aichinger	austrian deaths
rick_cleveland	american television writers
hitomi_takagaki	japanese births
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
bruce_bawer	american from
robert_cowie	19th-century births
eric_wilson_:suspense_writer	american of
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
patrick_maher_:writer	american male
nahum_benari	israeli jews
parke_godwin	american american short
rajkumar_jhalajit_singh	indian of
alain_dorémieux	french french
randolph_stow	australian australian
george_dubourg	people births
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
arthur_c.clarke	english from
nigel_calder	english educated
elisabeth_axmann	romanian births
gustaw_herling-grudziński	polish from
mohinder_pratap_chand	indian from
desmond_fennell	21st-century from
charles_mudede	american from
p._d._james	english of
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
henri_lopès	people of the of of
emil_filipčič	slovenian from
r._t._kendall	canadian births
paulette_nardal	20th-century women writers
ilka_stitz	german women
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
matt_brandstein	american comics
ranjit_desai	indian from
melissa_harris-perry	american from
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
bernard_etxepare	year of
netta_syrett	english english
peter_bergman_:comedian	american from
richard_steele	19th-century of
anthony_burgess	english from
richard_calder_:writer	21st-century short
michael_collins_piper	american from
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
david_mcsavage	british of
monica_ali	british women
anand_teltumbde	indian male
melissa_lucashenko	australian women
artashes_kalantarian	armenian deaths
riadh_sidaoui	living people
pedro_de_morales	15th-century deaths
paul_strathern	british writers
chen_maiping	20th-century short
noriko_ogiwara	japanese japanese
austin_hall_:writer	american american short
michael_szameit	italian male
mario_soldati	italian births
alix_kates_shulman	21st-century women novelists
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
berta_ruck	20th-century women novelists
alberto_bevilacqua	italian italian
michael_fitzgerald_page	australian children's
mirkka_rekola	20th-century women
ann_major	american women novelists
gadul_singh_lama	indian male
burnie_burns	american male
g.p.rajarathnam	indian writers
rené_marqués	puerto rican
aslak_dørum	norwegian births
philip_rees	living children's
richard_johnson_:16th_century	people women writers
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
michael_ende	german women
anthony_ryan_:writer	british science
hanne_ørstavik	21st-century women writers
mohan_bhandari_:writer	indian writers
audre_lorde	american american
felice_schwartz	american women
giles_milton	british of writers
elsie_locke	new zealand
mercè_foradada	living people
pier_antonio_quarantotti_gambini	italian italian
erik_larsen	american comics
barbara_delaplace	year women birth
pryse_lockhart_gordon	british of
agnes_herbert	british of
mineo_higashi	living births
peter_coleman	australian of
i.d.du_plessis	south african
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
alexander_jablokov	american american short
margaret_landon	american from
michael_conforti	american television writers
reuben_gold_thwaites	american from
andrew_weinberg	american male
helio_vera	male births
chester_aaron	american births
georges_dessommes	19th-century deaths
ille_toktash	chuvash deaths
michael_gilbert	british of
claudine_monteil	french women
pol_van_den_driessche	living births
anvar_mammadkhanli	ukrainian deaths
martin_lings	english of
ben_sokolowski	year television birth
emma_richler	21st-century canadian short
avram_davidson	american american novelists
meera_nanda	living women
alonso_duralde	american from
claire_cook	21st-century women novelists
oksana_marafioti	american people
otar_chiladze	20th-century novelists
oz_clarke	english births
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
radu_pavel_gheo	romanian short
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
colin_clark_:filmmaker	english of
baratunde_thurston	american from
patrick_shen	living people
robert_rimmer	american from
gretel_ehrlich	american american
emily_mitchell	21st-century women writers
helen_o'clery	irish women writers
edith_josie	canadian from
gary_d.schmidt	american from novelists
henri_thomas	french french novelists
anna_perera	british births
nahum_benari	israeli jews
g.f.zaimis	american women
robert_m.pirsig	american from
qiu_jin	people births
paul_leppin	austrian births
norm_phelps	american from
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
bruce_woolley	english births
claude_roger-marx	french french
phil_klay	american from
rebecca_solnit	american women
maximilian_kravkov	people deaths
robert_a.heinlein	american from
buz_kohan	american television
herta_huber	german from
henry_james	american male
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
pascal_bruckner	french french
fred_bridgland	british of
heather_graham_pozzessere	american women novelists
christabel_bielenberg	people deaths
erin_foster	american from
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
paul_genesse	american american
nahum_benari	israeli jews
baek_minseok	south korean
antónio_gonçalves_de_bandarra	portuguese births
aijaz_ahmad_mangi	pakistani births
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
ginette_anfousse	canadian women writers
nelson_ikon_wu	sri lankan
gun_arvidssen	american births
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
douglas_kent_hall	american from
gopala_chandra_praharaj	indian from
richard_baker_:theologian	english deaths
gerald_ganglbauer	people of
project_itoh	norwegian births
mimi_leahey	american television writers
punaloor_balan	indian from
horace_kephart	american deaths
pierre_jean_jouve	french french
mignon_fogarty	american people writers
ben_stein	american male
nellie_hermann	21st-century american novelists
max_picard	german births
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
nirmal_verma	indian from
peadar_toner_mac_fhionnlaoich	people deaths
gary_victor	haitian dramatists
charles_newman_:author	american from
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
david_bezmozgis	canadian from
aurora_levins_morales	american american
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
anšlavs_eglītis	latvian deaths
pinki_virani	indian from
paulette_bourgeois	canadian people
david_leavitt	american american
gary_d.schmidt	american from novelists
douglas_kenney	american from
nancy_cato	20th-century women
bill_coffin	american from
maurits_hansen	people births
angeliki_palli	italian italian
ricardo_barreiro	argentine male
edward_gorey	american from
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
e.m.ashraf	indian from kerala
ginia_bellafante	american from
clotilde_de_vaux	19th-century women writers
ann_parker_:writer	american of birth
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
dan_gillmor	american of
mircea_damian	romanian romanian
eynon_evans	british births
corlia_fourie	south births
gary_janetti	american from
rachel_manley	canadian women writers
danny_hoch	american from
henri-françois_rey	french male
michael_carroll_:author	living women
abdulrazak_eid	people writers
myrna_dey	canadian women novelists
peter_sotos	american people
carol_mendelsohn	american television writers
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
anna_de_noailles	french french
chromatic_:programmer	american people writers
benjamin_zephaniah	english births
a.s.king	21st-century women novelists
dan_wickline	american from
bertram_brooker	canadian from
nega_mezlekia	canadian from
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
carl_sonnenschein	german deaths
ariel_levy	american american
disappearance_of_susan_walsh	american male
maria_bellonci	italian births
pat_mills	living comics
muzi_epifani	20th-century women
georges_de_bièvre	french french
elizabeth_post	american from
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
mike_gray	american from
ian_watson_:author	people of novelists
charles_dunster	english deaths
bruce_marshall	people of
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
chris_d'lacey	people births
moacyr_scliar	brazilian deaths
david_metzenthen	australian from
artashes_kalantarian	armenian deaths
fereshteh_molavi	iranian births
barbara_branden	canadian from
michael_shermer	american from
patricia_pearson	canadian people
alexander_laurence	american from
melissa_harris-perry	american from
angie_abdou	21st-century canadian novelists
michael_cisco	american american novelists
dorothy_ripley	english births
hermann_kant	german of
robert_frazier_:writer	american science short
chiaki_j.konaka	australian births
chandra_kumar_agarwala	asom from
c.e.webber	english births
r._c._lehmann	people of
mildred_barya	ugandan women
n._mohanan	indian male
max_simon_ehrlich	american male novelists
margaret_ashmun	american from
george_saunders	american from
christian_cooper	american of birth
marina_oliver	living people
hannah_burdon	19th-century deaths
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
marie_joseph	20th-century romantic novelists
phillipe-ignace_françois_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
edith_ranum	norwegian women
diego_de_valera	spanish births
robert_aron	french deaths
david_rakoff	american american
rex_stout	american from
anthony_burgess	english from
andrew_lam	american american
alexandr_aksakov	imperial russian
emily_underdown	english women
mark_lund	american from
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
rich_johnston	year of birth
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
melissa_salmons	american television writers
furman_bisher	american from
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
michio_takeyama	japanese japanese
miguel_mendonca	british births
han_kang	people women
richard_crasta	american male
nicola_palazzo	italian births
harvey_pekar	american from
anand_mahadevan	canadian from
delia_grigore	romanian from
pat_o'shea_:author	irish births
agosti_xaho	french births
michael_shulman_:writer	american male
danielle_trussoni	american from
alexios_schandermani	iranian births
elizabeth_kata	australian women
chantal_thomas	french women writers
mary_turzillo	21st-century american novelists
george_dubourg	people births
dave_thorpe	british births
hannah_lowe	british of
aline_valek	brazilian women
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
helen_frost	american women writers
achy_obejas	american american
carol_j.adams	american from
amina_mama	21st-century of
robert_thurman	american from
akiva_schaffer	american male
henri_jeanson	french male
derrick_o'keefe	canadian from
anne_rundle	20th-century romantic fiction
brian_floca	american of
pavel_nilin	russian short
frederick_buechner	american from
ben_raab	american comics
freda_cruse_atwell	american women writers
evelyn_patuawa-nathan	new of writers
dan_gutman	american from
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
murray_boltinoff	american comics
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
ichirō_sakaki	living births
akshay_chandra_sharma	indian from
filipp_nefyodov	russian deaths
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
eli_clare	american from
ben_sherwood	american from
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
gustavo_corção	chilean deaths
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
mary_robison	american american
ian_rankin	british of
geneviève_billette	canadian canadian novelists
harold_bell_wright	american from
dharmendar_kanwar	indian births
cynthia_defelice	20th-century women novelists
chara_m.curtis	american births writers
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
countess_dash	french french writers
afdlin_shauki	malaysian deaths
gary_johns	australian of
nigel_collins	year of birth
rita_clay_estrada	21st-century women novelists
edythe_mae_gordon	american from
norman_levine	canadian canadian novelists
arthur_upfield	20th-century from
dayal_padmanabhan	indian film
pamela_morsi	american women novelists
ernest_thayer	american from
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
claire_keegan	21st-century short
marjorie_van_de_water	20th-century births
antal_stašek	19th-century of
dan_flores	american from
robert_stevenson_:director	people births
carl_phillips	american from
david_bergman_:american_writer	american male
alice_mcdermott	american women
ahmed_deedat	south african
hasnat_abdul_hye	bengali writers
harlan_greene	american american
dhrubajyoti_bora	indian from
blair_mastbaum	lgbt american
charmian_london	american from
daniel_abraham_:author	american american novelists
bonnie_bowman	21st-century women novelists
richard_crasta	american male
martha_walker_freer	19th-century births
d.v.gundappa	indian from
mary_hoffman	21st-century women novelists
gail_tredwell	australian births
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
don_bosco_:author	south births
donagh_macdonagh	irish deaths
michael_t._scott	american male
helen_frost	american women writers
edith_bruck	20th-century women
guram_dochanashvili	people births
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
rafael_arévalo_martínez	guatemalan women
garth_ennis	new of
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
nihal_atsız	turkish writers
raquel_verdesoto	ecuadorian deaths
mike_edison	american of
matthew_weiner	american television
martiros_of_crimea	year of birth
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
rob_grant	english of writers
gabrielle_carey	australian from
massimo_carlotto	italian births
michael_krüger_:writer	german women
rebecca_rand_kirshner	american television writers
rick_ungar	american male
patricia_briggs	21st-century women novelists
oh_sangwon	south births
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
robert_thomas_:director	people male
golam_mostofa_:poet	indian from
ahmed_deedat	south african
paul_stewart_:writer	english of birth
alasdair_gray	british of
maurice_g._dantec	french french novelists
maura_johnston	american women writers
else_ury	german deaths
margarita_bobba	italian women death
patrick_mccabe_:novelist	irish short
alan_landsburg	american from
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
david_renwick	english births
radomir_konstantinović	20th-century from
richard_rodriguez	american from
margret_rey	german births
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
pai_hsien-yung	people people
arthur_upfield	20th-century from
audrey_penn	american of writers
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
grigol_robakidze	male dramatists
denis_thériault	canadian from
derek_kirk_kim	american from
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
alvin_toffler	american from
don_naylor	american from
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
dasaradhi_rangacharya	indian from
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
fred_dekker	american births
millôr_fernandes	brazilian dramatists
robert_dean_frisbie	american from
alexander_genis	american births
norman_hapgood	american from
manning_o'brine	michael j. is is an american writer and and and
chingiz_abdullayev	people from
charlotte_brown_:producer	american television writers
barbara_hall_:tv_producer	american women writers
frédéric-auguste_cazals	people deaths
hector_c.macpherson	scottish deaths
carlene_hatcher_polite	american women novelists
onat_kutlar	turkish writers
ananda_chandra_barua	indian from
george_turner_:writer	australian science fiction
rob_gerrand	living people
barbara_delaplace	year women birth
henry_liu	20th-century from
pierre_morency	canadian from
brigitte_aubert	french women writers
mouloud_mammeri	people births
donna_williams	australian from
mark_blagrave	canadian canadian novelists
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
narinder_singh_kapoor	living people
pavle_julinac	serbian of
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
brigitte_aubert	french women writers
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
antonio_segura	people births
riccardo_bacchelli	italian women
carol_kalish	american from
chris_downey	american television writers
gerda_weissmann_klein	american american
christabel_bielenberg	people deaths
paula_pell	american television writers
anne_marriott	canadian women
henry_r.evans	american from
mkrtich_armen	armenian deaths
debra_spark	american from
omar_mouallem	canadian births
mary_robison	american american
robert_kanigher	american comics
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
evan_fallenberg	american american
nikolai_naumov	russian male
bernard_gordon_:writer	american from
andré_castelot	french male
bhisham_sahni	indian from
mary_mapes_dodge	american women
go_osaka	japanese japanese
nick_bertozzi	american comics
djuna_barnes	american american
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
adam_schefter	american from
collin_wilcox_:writer	american american novelists
christopher_paul_curtis	american from novelists
david_f.case	american american novelists
fujisawa_shu	japanese births
ilana_mercer	canadian of
debra_evans	american from
douglas_adams	english from
george_pérez	american comics
octavio_paz	mexican women
amanda_minnie_douglas	american american
frieda_friedman	american children's
max_zimmering	german male
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
esther_hautzig	american deaths
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
eleanor_wachtel	canadian of
reginald_hudlin	american film
ned_vizzini	american american
basil_copper	english births
ignacio_ramírez	austrian deaths
hank_kanalz	american of birth
max_bunker	living births
daniel_tammet	english of
a.s.king	21st-century women novelists
nguyen_quang_lap	turkish births
drew_karpyshyn	dungeons from dragons
charles_lockwood_:author	american births
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
henry_s.whitehead	american american short
pat_proft	american television
angelica_garnett	english deaths
alden_r.hatch	american from
d.scott_rogo	american births
gabriele_kuby	german women writers
mineo_higashi	living births
malcolm_kohll	marc births is is a writer writer and and
richard_n._goodwin	american people
michael_scott_:irish_author	irish irish
cuthbert_hamilton-ellis	people deaths
monica_ali	british women
donald_e.westlake	american american novelists
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
malka_marom	marc births is is a writer writer and and
miho_mosulishvili	male births
peter_brown_:illustrator	american births
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
harold_rosenberg	american from
matija_divković	bosnia and herzegovina
david_gaider	canadian game dragons
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
mario_soldati	italian births
phil_leslie	american television
cheryl_kaye_tardif	canadian women writers
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
andre_dubus	american american novelists
rené_balcer	canadian from
frank_manley	american american
gajra_kottary	indian film
c.j.henderson	american male
gerald_vizenor	american american
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
aidan_higgins	irish short
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
octavio_cordero_palacios_:writer	ecuadorian novelists
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
ramkumar_mukhopadhyay	indian writers
carmen_kurtz	spanish births
bill_oddie	english educated
patrick_white	australian short
betty_friedan	american american
alfred_mann_:musicologist	american births
arvin_chen	american births
petina_gappah	australian women
park_jeong-dae	south korean
david_spicer_:writer	year of birth missing
ostap_vyshnya	russian writers
emili_teixidor	spanish male
alphonse_olterdissen	people births
boudewijn_büch	dutch deaths
peter_gibson_:writer	american male
chandra_free	american comics
caroline_leakey	english women
helen_van_pelt_wilson	american from
dorothy_m.cray	20th-century romantic fiction
al_feldstein	american from
melanmai_ponnusamy	indian writers
adolfo_costa_du_rels	german male
hamid_khan_:lawyer	pakistani births
gertrude_bell	english of
eduardo_acevedo_díaz	latvian births
dwight_macdonald	american from
e.b.white	american from
duncan_weller	canadian canadian novelists
abdulla_shaig	ukrainian writers
alf_collett	norwegian births
risto_ahti	mexican writers
cesare_balbo	italian italian
ehsan_masood	british of
peter_stone	american from
meša_selimović	serbian from
celeste_ng	american from of
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
friedrich_de_la_motte_fouqué	german births
paul_levinson	american american
opal_whiteley	american births
peter_david	american from novelists
gidugu_venkata_ramamoorty	indian writers
eric_holmes_:videogame_designer	canadian comics is
coral_lansbury	australian from
nahoko_uehashi	japanese births
matthew_quick	american from novelists
dimitrije_kantakuzin	15th-century of
r._chudamani	20th-century women
mary_somerville	19th-century women
margaret_maddocks	20th-century women novelists
george_lockhart_:politician	people of
donald_hinds	alumni of
catherine_spencer	year women novelists
benjamin_cheever	american american novelists
bill_brittain	american american novelists
alf_prøysen	norwegian deaths
paul_levinson	american american
helen_hooven_santmyer	american american
amélie_nothomb	belgian births
moira_kirland	american television writers
apostolos_doxiadis	greek births
richard_hakluyt	english deaths
rick_poynor	living people
florencio_varela_:writer	albanian male
alejandro_agostinelli	argentine births
gillian_mears	australian australian
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
mitchell_hurwitz	american television writers
gary_friedrich	american comics
midori_:author	american from
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
gary_russell	english male
carol_gorman	american from
alphonse_de_châteaubriant	french french
gillian_horvath	american television writers
pearl_s._buck	american from
cornelia_meigs	american american
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
debbie_moon	21st-century women writers
ayodhya_prasad_upadhyay	indian deaths
pierre_bellemare	french male
hitomi_takagaki	japanese births
david_garnett	20th-century short
apache_indian	bangladeshi male
graça_aranha	brazilian deaths
maria_popova	american births
andré_aciman	american american
rich_wilson_:journalist	english of
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
ed_husain	british of
brian_francis	canadian from
grace_ellery_channing	american american
henrik_pontoppidan	ecuadorian deaths
béatrix_beck	20th-century women
i.dragoslav	romanian short
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
miloš_mikeln	slovenian from
rafael_spinola	guatemalan short
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
mary_philadelphia_merrifield	19th-century women
alija_isaković	bosnia from
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
perihan_mağden	turkish people
henri-françois_rey	french male
abdul_haq_choudhury	bengali from
robert_calvert	south african
carlos_noriega_hope	mexican births
fred_uhlman	people writers
amélie_nothomb	belgian births
henry_r.evans	american from
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
rebecca_abe	german women writers
haki_stërmilli	19th-century deaths
gordon_lish	american american novelists
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
danton_remoto	filipino births
archibald_gracie_iv	american from
allen_barnett_:writer	american from
pamela_morsi	american women novelists
brendan_gullifer	australian births
anna_radius_zuccari	italian births
nikša_gradi	serbian writers
hasnat_abdul_hye	bengali writers
emine_semiye_önasya	turkish writers
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
debra_evans	american from
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
chitti_:writer	indian writers
alexandr_aksakov	imperial russian
conrado_nalé_roxlo	argentine male
cynthia_kadohata	american women writers
debbie_moon	21st-century women writers
charles-louis_havas	french male
christina_lauren	american women novelists
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
daphne_clair	20th-century women novelists
muriel_denison	canadian women novelists
geoff_thompson_:writer	british births
charles_d'ambrosio	american of workshop
amber_benson	american women writers
peter_weiss	german from
rafael_cardoso_:art_historian	mexican births
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
giammaria_mazzucchelli	italian deaths
derek_drymon	american male
reidar_thomassen	norwegian norwegian
randa_abdel-fattah	australian people
brian_hodge	american american novelists
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
alf_collett	norwegian births
andrew_clements	american from
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
darrell_schweitzer	american american short
mary_renault	20th-century from
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
nedžad_ibrišimović	bosnia and
nicolai_costenco	romanian births
anibal_joão_melo	slovenian births
ann_chamberlin	21st-century women novelists
angelika_schrobsdorff	german german
phil_cooke	living people
mike_barker_:producer	american television writers
ian_denis_johnson	american bloggers
heinrich_smidt	german births
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
farid_raymond-anthony	sierra leonean
berta_bojetu	slovenian from
micha_josef_berdyczewski	russian writers
arnold_zweig	german of
derek_kirk_kim	american from
ayu_utami	indonesian writers
adwaita_mallabarman	people writers
eric_forsberg	american male
paul_kidd	australian short story
robert_kaleski	australian births
han_malsook	south writers
faturananda	people from
myriam_joire	canadian births
holly_nelson	canadian of
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
edith_josie	canadian from
monique_polak	canadian women writers
frederick_simpich	american deaths
maria_valtorta	german births
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
rené_boylesve	french deaths
maria_corsini	italian births
flannery_o'connor	american american
marjorie_morgan	20th-century women writers
graeme_davis_:game_designer	video comics
george_leonard	american from
barbara_smucker	american women
peter_gaffney	american people
carlo_fruttero	italian births
patrick_f._mcmanus	american from
barry_took	english educated
nar-dos	armenian armenian
claire_dederer	michael j. is an american writer writer and
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
charlie_williams_:british_writer	english births
cintra_wilson	american women
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
fiona_mcgregor	australian women writers
garth_christian	english of
philipp_meyer	american american
boris_pahor	people of
mark_bostridge	british of
andrew_berardini	american from
rebecca_solnit	american women
paulette_bourgeois	canadian people
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
randall_jahnson	american male
chirlane_mccray	american of
harry_peyton_steger	american deaths
aldous_huxley	english from
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
bahadir_kaleagasi	turkish births
bhisham_sahni	indian from
andre_norton	american american novelists
daniel_picouly	french births
cesare_balbo	italian italian
martha_blum	canadian women
hagop_oshagan	armenian deaths
neel_mukherjee_:writer	indian of
maureen_howard	american american
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
daniel_scott_:writer	american american novelists
dhimitër_xhuvani	albanian male
norman_lear	american from
christine_brückner	german women
olivier_weber	french french
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
brian_priestley	english of
bimal_kar	bengali writers
cissy_van_marxveldt	dutch births
gary_reed_:comics	american comics
radhika_herzberger	indian writers
dorothy_p.lathrop	american from
crystal_wilkinson	american american
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
dževad_karahasan	bosnia and
frank_o'connor	irish deaths
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
nazir_ahmad_dehlvi	indian from
chris_hayward	american from
hélène_rioux	canadian women
penny_petrone	canadian of
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
alexander_laurence	american from
gary_burns_:director	canadian of
pietro_di_donato	american from
dean_lorey	american television
brian_payton	american american novelists
may_cutler	canadian women
gregory_orfalea	american people
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
ariel_levy	american american
bhaskar_sunkara	american of
derek_harvie	canadian television
hal_higdon	american from
fran_striker	american from
doug_levitt	american births
barbara_baynton	australian women
girija_kumar_mathur	indian from
husna_ahmad	british of
david_edelsten	british of
pedro_balmaceda	ecuadorian deaths
rafael_sabatini	english births
norman_ward	canadian from
frank_bergon	american from
diana_hart	canadian people
richard_montanari	american american novelists
helen_van_pelt_wilson	american from
neela_padmanabhan	indian writers
bob_shaw	20th-century from fiction
carole_mortimer	20th-century romantic fiction
fatima_meer	south african
francine_prose	american american novelists
gerhard_dengler	german from
hilary_corke	english of
denis_thériault	canadian from
alfred_machin_:writer	people of
algernon_blackwood	english of
beth_lisick	american of novelists
arvid_nelson	american of birth
pu_songling	iranian from
e.b.white	american from
gerard_mckeown	australian births
arthur_j.burks	american from
maria_elsa_da_rocha	20th-century women
michel_ferracci-porri	french people
andayya	indian writers
nellikkal_muraleedharan	indian from
outi_alanne	living births
bedar_mnagrio	pakistani births
pedro_garcía_cabrera	spanish male
carlo_grande_:writer	italian births writers
margaret_halsey	american from
brenda_chapman	american film
gardner_fox	american comics
michel_quint	french births
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
alfred_masson-forestier	french french
francis_marrash	ottoman deaths
cathleen_with	canadian canadian novelists
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
alain_damasio	french french
hans_wollschläger	german births
barbara_avedon	american television writers
catherine_storr	20th-century women novelists
pagu	brazilian women
patrick_white	australian short
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
henry_kreisel	canadian male novelists
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
gokulchandra_nag	bengali deaths
eliette_abécassis	french women writers
min_theinkha	burmese writers
franco_solinas	italian male
alastair_mcintosh	scottish of
mike_berenstain	american people
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
h.ogden_wintermute	american from
ramkumar_mukhopadhyay	indian writers
domingo_del_monte	austrian women
hank_chapman	american comics
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
denis_norden	english male
dorit_rabinyan	israeli novelists
dennis_marks_:screenwriter	american television
maung_htin	burmese births
robert_byron	people of
claude_cariguel	french french novelists
benjamín_carrión	20th-century deaths
phil_leslie	american television
dominique_fernandez	french french
arun_krushnaji_kamble	indian births
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
anil_menon	indian indian
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
michael_legat	20th-century women novelists
gayla_trail	canadian from
edward_docx	english births
doug_palau	american television writers
matthew_yglesias	american people
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
catherine_archer	year of birth
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
geoffrey_archer_:writer	english births
adam_resnick	american television writers
r._c._lehmann	people of
farah_ghuznavi	year of is
gary_m_dobbs	british male
ed_greenwood	dungeons game dragons
panchu_arunachalam	indian film
robert_karjel	living births
derek_haas	american male
midori_:author	american from
christopher_lukas	american television
hida_viloria	people births
meletius_smotrytsky	polish deaths
hitonari_tsuji	japanese births
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
david_ossman	american from
rick_poynor	living people
ray_kolle	australian of birth
george_monbiot	british of
robert_frazier_:writer	american science short
daniel_loxton	canadian births
francisco_gregorio_billini	dominican republic
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
dhananjay_keer	indian from
amanda_browning	women romantic fiction
i.k.k.menon	indian indian
danny_hoch	american from
arsen_revazov	russian writers
michael_fleisher	american comics
alana_lowes	australian from
dasari_subrahmanyam	indian writers
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
gonzalo_suárez	spanish male
elsa_triolet	russian women
matthew_reilly	australian births
georges_de_bièvre	french french
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
george_ade	american american
marty_feldman	english male
marion_hargrove	american from
agneta_horn	swedish women
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
excilia_saldaña	21st-century women
harold_rosenberg	american from
dominik_smole	slovenian novelists
eddie_braben	english educated
gianluca_arrighi	italian births
david_j.bradley	american from
carol_severance	american women novelists
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
andrei_lupan	moldovan writers
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
chip_johannessen	american television writers
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
mark_elliott_:british_author	living births
matija_bećković	serbian of
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
david_jacobs_:writer	american television writers
mark_ames	american births
abdulah_sidran	bosnia and
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
n._s._madhavan	indian male
gary_cohn_:comics	american comics
clint_morris	australian television
gerald_tomlinson	american from
gertrude_barrows_bennett	american american fiction
mary_philadelphia_merrifield	19th-century women
iain_levison	american levison
pam_veasey	american television writers
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
carlos_pintado	people births
art_spander	american from
afdhere_jama	american from
marga_spiegel	people deaths
cora_taylor	canadian women writers
gail_z.martin	american women novelists
catherine_yronwode	american from
patrick_aleph	american from
brenda_chapman_:writer	21st-century women novelists
paul_e_cooley	american american short
bill_oddie	english educated
friederike_roth	german women
raoul_vaneigem	belgian births
d.v.gundappa	indian from
paolo_eleuteri_serpieri	living people
michael_lisicky	american from
hovhannes_tumanyan	armenian armenian
florence_parry_heide	american from
césar_falcón	20th-century births
richard_brightfield	living children's
david_dark	american of birth
amil_niazi	canadian women writers
donald_e.westlake	american american novelists
margaret_potter	20th-century romantic novelists
brent_budowsky	american from
annette_lapointe	canadian women
rebecca_rush	american children's novelists
nancy_phelan	20th-century women
miles_cain	year of
hans_christian_adamson	american from
dennis_marks_:screenwriter	american television
fiona_mcgregor	australian women writers
arthur_dimmock	people births
diana_e.h.russell	south african
claude_phillips	english of
amina_adil	burmese deaths
abdón_ubidia	male short story
george_meniuc	romanian births
pierre_decourcelle	french french
edith_josie	canadian from
douglas_murray_:author	people of
amanda_lohrey	20th-century women
ed_cullen	american from
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
heinrich_gottfried_von_bretschneider	german deaths
clara_ng	saudi births
margaret_way	australian women writers
chris_kelly_:writer	american of
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
charles_newman_:author	american from
derek_kirk_kim	american from
andrew_j.mckiernan	australian australian
elena_puw_morgan	20th-century women
celia_thaxter	american american
daína_chaviano	20th-century women
olufemi_terry	people leonean novelists
marjorie_wallace_:sane	british of
amiri_baraka	american from
robert_chiappetta	american television writers
pierre_rabhi	living births
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
maria_valtorta	german births
diana_abgar	people from
antoni_bohdziewicz	israeli deaths
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
greg_potter	american of writers
bill_conall	canadian canadian
arnold_arre	filipino births
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
goffredo_alessandrini	italian births
daniele_bolelli	american male
gyan_chand_jain	recipients writers
mohinder_pratap_chand	indian from
richard_grayson_:writer	american university
elliot_caplin	american births
martín_solares	mexican women
hidayat_orujov	people from
ann_mortifee	canadian from
gerard_stembridge	irish of
nils_nordberg	norwegian norwegian writers
mary_howard_:novelist	20th-century women novelists
einosuke_itō	japanese deaths
nick_davis_:television_and_movie_producer	american television writers
nikolai_yut	chuvash deaths
erik_honoré	norwegian births
martin_lodewijk	living births
erhard_frommhold	people deaths
olivier_weber	french french
clara_de_chatelain	19th-century deaths
michael_korda	british of
bonnie_macbird	american of writers
charles_exbrayat	20th-century french novelists
murry_hope	english births
david_astle	australian australian
norma_farber	american women
david_goodis	american american novelists
david_f.case	american american novelists
akiva_schaffer	american male
patricia_wrede	21st-century women novelists
armstrong_sperry	american from
michio_takeyama	japanese japanese
myriam_francois-cerrah	living people writers
ramo_nakajima	japanese japanese
henri_lopès	people of the of of
andrea_james	american from
arturo_ambrogi	20th-century male
baratunde_thurston	american from
bill_lee_:author	american from
paul_einzig	people deaths
deborah_eisenberg	american from
eilif_straume	norwegian norwegian
mieko_kanai	japanese births
riccardo_calimani	italian births
robert_cowie	19th-century births
mary_griffith	american children's writers
c.n.sreekantan_nair	indian male
afdhere_jama	american from
michel_rodange	people births
dale_brown	american from
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
dayton_duncan	american male
edgar_allan_poe	american american
béatrix_beck	20th-century women
peter_coleman	australian of
ahmet_zappa	american male
donald_goines	american from
penelope_fletcher	21st-century women writers
daniele_bolelli	american male
robert_costa_:journalist	american of
h.g.wells	english of
basil_wells	american american short
robert_heron_:writer	scottish births
cathleen_with	canadian canadian novelists
gwion_hallam	british of is
e.b.white	american from
charlotte_brown_:producer	american television writers
paula_fox	american women novelists
chuck_lorre	american television
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
mary_s._lovell	living people
gyan_chaturvedi	indian from
bertrand_besigye	norwegian norwegian
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
mimi_leahey	american television writers
dale_evans	american from
phil_klay	american from
peter_philipp	german german
hryhorii_epik	ukrainian of
gen_urobuchi	japanese births
norm_augustinus	american of
georges_cogniot	french deaths
mark_linfield	british births
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
aldous_huxley	english from
djuna_barnes	american american
dominique_noguez	french french novelists
gavin_stamp	english of
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
betim_muço	albanian albanian
margaret_way	australian women writers
richard_atkyns	english births
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
annie_hall_cudlip	english women writers
han_moo-sook	south births
robert_gardner_:academic	canadian from
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
muhammed_azam_didamari	malaysian writers
heleen_mees	japanese births
drago_jančar	slovenian from
michael_carrington_:voice_actor	american television writers
grace_lumpkin	american american
hisham_matar	american of
alexander_ross_:writer	people births
hartzell_spence	american american
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
conrad_aiken	american american
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
mario_giordano_:writer	living women
raphaël_tardon	french male
helen_steiner_rice	american women
max_handley	british births
ann_parker_:writer	american of birth
guy_hocquenghem	french french
robbie_morrison	living of birth
alex_flinn	american women novelists
per_ahlmark	swedish of
elie_wiesel	american american
robert_costa_:journalist	american of
david_benedictus	english births
franz_lidz	american from
max_gladstone	american american novelists
clara_louisa_wells	american women writers
harry_l.symons	canadian canadian novelists
paul_einzig	people deaths
robert_clark_young	american male
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
adriana_lisboa	brazilian women
mahmoud_reza_eftekharzadeh	syrian of is is
arvid_nelson	american of birth
bajazid_doda	people deaths
candice_millard	american of
peter_dubé	canadian male novelists
pierre_broodcoorens	belgian deaths
nathalie_gassel	belgian births
robert_thurman	american from
gustavo_pallicca	italian births
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
danarto	indonesian births
o._henry	american births
betty_friedan	american american
dennis_kelly	english male
renee_roszel	21st-century women novelists
nan_chauncy	australian from
bryan_thao_worra	american from
grigol_robakidze	male dramatists
anahareo	canadian from
benjamin_partridge	british births
r._c._lehmann	people of
i.k.k.menon	indian indian
mojca_kumerdej	slovenian women
asma_gull_hasan	american of
r._w._bradford	american from
henry_bond	english births
gary_lachman	american from
ian_frazier	american from
nancy_holder	american women novelists
géza_csáth	hungarian deaths
d.scott_rogo	american births
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
michael_carroll_:american_writer	21st-century of
bal_samant	indian writers
gyles_brandreth	english of
denton_welch	english of
eugen_kumičić	croatian novelists
c.n.sreekantan_nair	indian male
ali-akbar_sa'idi_sirjani	iranian deaths
eleanor_farnes	place of birth missing
monique_laederach	mexican from
dimitry_elias_léger	american american
alexander_grin	russian male
denis_gifford	british writers
muhsin_al-ramli	iranian people
arthur_morrison	english english
raewyn_alexander	new zealand
francis_stuart	irish deaths
richard_mccann	american from
robert_m.pirsig	american from
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
damon_lindelof	american television
eddie_chuculate	american from
alice_mcdermott	american women
meir_shalev	israeli births
charles_bucke	english male
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
darya_dontsova	russian births
david_shannon	american children's
charles_dickens	english male
elsa_triolet	russian women
alan_pauls	argentine argentine
fred_bodsworth	canadian from
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
elizabeth_sims	21st-century women novelists
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
margaret_ryan	year of fiction
michael_s._chernuchin	american television
arthur_kemp	new african
gaelen_foley	american women novelists
penny_petrone	canadian of
anna_godbersen	american from
daniel_woodrell	american from novelists
a.m.homes	american american
elizabeth_tyrwhitt	english of writers
gail_simmons	canadian from
nevenka_petrić	turkish writers
richard_rodriguez	american from
chen_danyan	people women
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
herbert_achternbusch	german german
gary_reed_:comics	american comics
ali_bey_huseynzade	azerbaijani deaths
fran_striker	american from
david_a.mcintee	21st-century women writers
paul_e_cooley	american american short
navid_kermani	living births
freya_north	21st-century women novelists
franz_lidz	american from
barney_simon	south african
donald_gallinger	american american short
emanuel_litvinoff	english from
devin_k.grayson	american comics
ahmed_ismail_samatar	saudi arabian
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
george_wheeler_hinman	american from
marjorie_celona	21st-century women novelists
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
connie_willis	american american novelists
marko_vovchok	ukrainian births
conrad_aiken	american american
rick_remender	american comics
fulgencio_argüelles	spanish births
eugene_jolas	american american
paul_goble	american of
matthew_condon	australian short
olly_mann	english male
anthony_:writer	year of birth
caleb_crain	american of
caleb_crain	american of
franz_lidz	american from
fred_uhlman	people writers
dmitry_lipkin	american television writers
guðbergur_bergsson	norwegian births
estela_canto	argentine women
rené_de_ceccatty	french french novelists
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
bill_tomicki	american of birth
gita_sahgal	indian from
derren_litten	english male
george_monbiot	british of
clara_ng	saudi births
aslak_dørum	norwegian births
natalie_jane_prior	australian children's
milovan_vitezović	serbian of
max_simon_ehrlich	american male novelists
francisco_de_moraes	year births
dan_o'neill_:writer	american from
robert_a.heinlein	american from
petar_pjesivac	australian births
grigory_adamov	russian male
cesare_sterbini	italian italian
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
mohammed_rateb_al-nabulsi	living writers
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
clara_de_chatelain	19th-century deaths
edward_mccourt	canadian from
emily_barr	21st-century women writers
millôr_fernandes	brazilian dramatists
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
eileen_myers	american television writers
george_mcwhirter	canadian from
audrey_howard	20th-century women novelists
paul_b._preciado	lgbt writers
evelyne_lallemand	french women writers
alyson_richman	american of novelists
carolyn_hax	american from
george_malcher	british of
achy_obejas	american american
ante_kovačić	people deaths
paul_heyse	german german
ellie_herman	american television writers
nat_gertler	american comics
michalis_fakinos	turkish people
amrita_pritam	indian from
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
betty_neels	20th-century women novelists
mate_dolenc	slovenian from
hortense_allart	19th-century women writers
chris_lawson	australian births
emily_mitchell	21st-century women writers
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
mark_friedman	american births
francisco_herrera_luque	20th-century novelists
marlena_spieler	living people
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
al_feldstein	american from
bonnie_macbird	american of writers
beatrice_harraden	english women
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
adam_shand_:journalist	australian births
guadalupe_nettel	21st-century women
bo_goldman	american from
hamlet_bareh	indian from
charles_garvice	people women writers
giannina_braschi	american women
patrick_white	australian short
gabrielle_lord	australian women
amir_hosein_fardi	iranian births
ian_mclachlan_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
alfred_jarry	french french
ferdinand_brunetière	french deaths
clementina_suárez	20th-century women
alan_j.gould	people deaths
augustin_hamon	french deaths
han_sorya	20th-century births
richard_baker_:theologian	english deaths
pearl_s._buck	american from
hank_kanalz	american of birth
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
david_milch	american from
cevin_soling	american births
nandini_sidda_reddy	indian writers
perrine_leblanc	canadian canadian novelists
niel_bushnell	english births
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
gary_shteyngart	american writers
muhammad_husain_azad	indian from
aleksander_świętochowski	polish from
edward_dicey	english deaths
nicolas_deschamps_:writer	french deaths
charlotte_elizabeth_tonna	english women writers
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
guy_hocquenghem	french french
dimitry_elias_léger	american american
aleksandre_tarsaidze	american deaths
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
robert_bloch	american american novelists
noelle_stevenson	american of birth
martin_boyd	australian short
neil_innes	english births
ewa_białołęcka	21st-century women fiction
heather_lewis_:writer	american american
anasuya_shankar	indian writers
maxim_gorky	russian male
claudia_casper	21st-century women short
gladys_casely-hayford	20th-century women
neal_shusterman	american american novelists
félix_morisseau-leroy	20th-century dramatists
gregg_godfrey	american television
fatix_ämirxan	ukrainian deaths
angeline_hango	canadian women novelists
george_malcher	british of
akira_yoshimura	japanese births
franca_treur	dutch dutch
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
robert_m.pirsig	american from
michèle_marineau	canadian canadian novelists
neville_cardus	english of
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
mark_porter_:writer	living births
helmut_preißler	german women
dan_o'neill_:writer	american from
pete_brown_:writer	british of
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
david_boswell	canadian comics
gerry_davis_:screenwriter	british births
charles_hamilton_:writer	british of
mary_lee_settle	american american
ed_cullen	american from
paul_biegel	dutch deaths
husna_ahmad	british of
antonio_alcalá_venceslada	spanish births
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
bill_corbett	american male
norbert_blei	american american novelists
hannah_mary_rothschild	english of
mavor_moore	canadian male
amos_oz	israeli novelists
beatríz_peniche_barrera	mexican women writers
robert_m.pirsig	american from
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
rebecca_walker	american women
george_turner_:writer	australian science fiction
rafael_sabatini	english births
hans_beimler_:screenwriter	american television writers
alexander_levitov	russian russian
david_yurkovich	american births
raja_rao	indian from
clem_schouwenaars	belgian deaths
nelson_ikon_wu	sri lankan
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
ernest_marwick	scottish deaths
doon_arbus	american of
germaine_greer	australian from
brenda_silsbe	canadian women writers
paulette_nardal	20th-century women writers
normando_hernández_gonzález	living people
barly_baruti	people deaths
dale_smith_:writer	english male
gustavo_corção	chilean deaths
mícheál_lally	living births
riccardo_calimani	italian births
mary_downing_hahn	21st-century women novelists
peter_b._gillis	american from
david_a.moss	american from
france_bevk	slovenian from
elizabeth_hoy	people romantic birth missing
hjalmar_christensen	19th-century births
phyllis_krasilovsky	american from
amber_dawn	21st-century women
carol_dunlop	canadian from
mohan_deep	living people
fernanda_eberstadt	21st-century women novelists
arto_paasilinna	finnish births
agnes_grainger_stewart	british of
alexander_jablokov	american american short
richard_t._williamson	american people
hilton_als	american of
nirmal_verma	indian from
brian_priestley	english of
nikolai_uspensky	russian russian
gerald_brenan	british of
grigory_baklanov	russian short
darren_close	year of birth missing living
emma_marris	american women writers
david_chase	american television
alex_haley	american from
pearl_s._buck	american from
richard_cobbold	english deaths
punaloor_balan	indian from
namwali_serpell	american people
edmond_fleg	french french
randolph_stow	australian australian
nagasubramanian_chokkanathan	indian indian
raja_rao	indian from
richard_b._spencer	american from
hortensia_blanch_pita	mexican women writers
rebecca_skloot	american births writers
philippe_de_commines	french male
andayya	indian writers
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
aleksey_chapygin	russian short
amrit_rai	indian from
adam_kazimierz_czartoryski	recipients of the
david_heneker	english deaths
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
frances_paige	21st-century women novelists
adriano_gonzález_león	20th-century novelists
eileen_wilks	american women novelists
navid_kermani	living births
güney_dal	german births
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
catherine_seipp	american from
marie-anne_de_bovet	french women writers
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
dennis_kelly	english male
paul_b._preciado	lgbt writers
c.austin_miles	people deaths
gillian_horvath	american television writers
denise_robertson	english of
pat_brown_:criminal_profiler	american women writers
arnold_stadler	german women
robert_karjel	living births
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
claude_bessy_:writer	french male
christopher_myers	american of birth
penny_martin	alumni of
donald_j.sobol	american from
giulio_cogni	italian male
denis_norden	english male
alan_campbell_:screenwriter	american from
martin_boyd	australian short
bhabani_bhattacharya	indian of
peter_philipp	german german
ramo_nakajima	japanese japanese
mary_hooper_:author	19th-century women writers
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
greg_rucka	american from
barbara_paul	american american novelists
per_ahlmark	swedish of
olen_steinhauer	american american novelists
najmadeen_mala	people deaths
meša_selimović	serbian from
elsa_bernstein	20th-century concentration
donna_jo_napoli	american women novelists
michel_ocelot	french births
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
guy_davenport	american american
camille_laurens	french women
hamid_ekrem_šahinović	bosnia and
dionisio_pérez_gutiérrez	people births
flannery_o'connor	american american
adam_hamdy	english births
brian_ash_:bibliographer	british births
pu_songling	iranian from
qiu_jin	people births
beppe_fenoglio	italian male
alex_beam	american of
bill_brewster_:dj	british writers
harry_hess_reichard	american births
reidar_thomassen	norwegian norwegian
pingali_nagendrarao	indian from
elna_baker	american from
dušan_čater	slovenian from
berta_golob	slovenian births
mercy_otis_warren	american american
monica_buonfiglio	year of birth
nikil_saval	american people
giannina_braschi	american women
matthew_reilly	australian births
marjabelle_young_stewart	american births
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
bill_lee_:author	american from
clara_louisa_wells	american women writers
mike_thomas_:author	british births
david_rakoff	american american
helene_voigt-diederichs	20th-century women
nikolai_karonin-petropavlovsky	russian male
margi_preus	american women writers
dorothy_black_:novelist	english women novelists
george_wilbur_peck	american from
hugo_vickers	people of
eric_liu	american from
charles_officer	canadian from
dorothy_whipple	english deaths
charles_o'conor_:historian	people births
nicolae_negru	moldovan writers
alfred_neumann_:writer	american from
clara_louisa_wells	american women writers
bernice_morgan	canadian women novelists
edward_robinson_:curator	american of
ginia_bellafante	american from
franz_lidz	american from
breyten_breytenbach	south african
martin_crilly	australian from
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
audre_lorde	american american
amos_oz	israeli novelists
ram_sarup_ankhi	indian from
patrick_maher_:writer	american male
david_a.moss	american from
arleen_paré	canadian women
mullapudi_venkata_ramana	indian writers
ignace_lepp	french deaths
petar_kočić	bosnia and herzegovina
alan_campbell_:screenwriter	american from
gustavo_corção	chilean deaths
dhanashree_halbe	filipino births
andy_merrill	american male
ben_stein	american male
gour_das_bysack	telugu of
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
mavor_moore	canadian male
franz_fühmann	german german
clarisse_bader	people births
nawal_kishore_dhawal	people deaths
alain_dorémieux	french french
dorothy_sterling	american women
carl_muller	south lankan
henry_james	american male
pu_songling	iranian from
hans_werner_richter	german of
mary_stocks,_baroness_stocks	19th-century deaths
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
charles_montgomery_:writer	canadian from
r._s._mugali	indian from
hugo_sonnenschein	german deaths
robert_heron_:writer	scottish births
christiane_koren	norwegian norwegian writers
hartmut_abendschein	german births
harry_leslie_smith	english of
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
claude_mckay	people people
hans_wollschläger	german births
fremont_rider	american from
ashwin_sanghi	indian women
phillip_hoose	american from
oliver_onions	english male
elizabeth_sims	21st-century women novelists
anup_bhandari	year of birth missing
peter_laird	american comics
marv_wolfman	american comics
george_forrest_:author	american from
andre_norton	american american novelists
emma_haché	canadian canadian novelists
mehmed_uzun	turkish births
clive_barker	lgbt male
bohumil_hrabal	austrian births
benjamin_radford	american of birth
ada_cambridge	australian women
mitradev_mahanta	indian from
ann_grocott	australian women
deb_lacusta	american television writers
franz_kafka	austrian births
nikolay_haytov	people deaths
brad_linaweaver	american american novelists
mariangelo_accorso	italian encyclopaedia
edward_gorey	american from
annie_vivanti	italian women
marie_sophie_schwartz	19th-century births
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
harry_bernstein	american from
maxim_februari	japanese births
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
peter_baker_:author	american of
bernard_etxepare	year of
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
ching_he_huang	british of
christian_gudegast	year of birth missing
peter_ling	english births
david_friedrichsfeld	german deaths
elizabeth_humphreys_penrose	american american novelists
bertrand_m.tipple	american deaths
carlos_franqui	brazilian births
david_safier	german male
mohammad-ja'far_pouyandeh	iranian writers
anne_marie_winston	american women novelists
alain_robbe-grillet	french french
maurice_gilliams	people from
david_d.levine	american science short
mike_curtis_:writer	american comics
michael_harris_:editor	canadian canadian
dorothy_p.lathrop	american from
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
dionciel_armstrong	american film
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
mutlaq_hamid_al-otaibi	saudi arabian
adam_warren_:comics	american comics
hugo_vickers	people of
petraq_zoto	20th-century short
hildegarde_dolson_lockridge	american women
michèle_marineau	canadian canadian novelists
archie_goodwin_:comics	american age
nancy_french	american women writers
hank_kanalz	american of birth
albert_alberts	dutch dutch
mike_fasolo	american people
gordon_stewart_anderson	canadian from
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
athénaïs_michelet	french women
nene_gare	australian women
matthew_reilly	australian births
bruce_bawer	american from
hu_lancheng	people deaths
david_de_vries	australian births
min_yu_wai	burmese writers
chris_thompson_:tv_producer	american television
adolf_fierla	polish from
fang_zhouzi	american births
paulus_melissus	german deaths
esther_hautzig	american deaths
chantal_renaud	canadian from
edith_pattou	american women novelists
george_saunders	american from
dmitry_gordon	ukrainian births
florence_noiville	french french
richard_bartle	british people
andrea_james	american from
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
daína_chaviano	20th-century women
rebecca_james_:author	australian children's writers
emma_haché	canadian canadian novelists
darryl_ponicsan	american american novelists
chris_zook	american of
alan_campbell_:screenwriter	american from
michael_hoeye	american people
michael_hodges_:writer	american male
drew_karpyshyn	dungeons from dragons
bertrand_besigye	norwegian norwegian
maurice_blanchot	french male
claude-françois-xavier_mercier_de_compiègne	french french
maria_teresa_maia_gonzalez	living women
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
amar_jaleel	pakistani of
maurice_nadeau	french deaths
henri_pichette	french french
anthony_burgess	english from
frances_erskine_inglis,_1st_marquise_of_calderón_de_la_barca	british of
daniela_dahn	german german
diane_messina_stanley	american television writers
gerry_hassan	british of
nina_burleigh	american of
martin_andersen_nexø	danish births
emma_dolujanoff	mexican women writers
david_bezmozgis	canadian from
patrick_rothfuss	american american novelists
dan_amrich	american from
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
michael_jecks	21st-century women novelists
project_itoh	norwegian births
anne_douglas_sedgwick	20th-century women writers
durga_charan_mohanty	indian from
mary_hoffman	21st-century women novelists
barbara_bloom	american television writers
eduard_limonov	russian male
c.j.sansom	british of
dorothy_carrington	people of
dragomir_brajković	serbian from
carla_walschap	belgian from
bill_oakley	american television
alex_haley	american from
rachid_mimouni	people births
clara_louisa_wells	american women writers
mike_shepherd_:author	american american novelists
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
raziel_reid	canadian from
patricia_maclachlan	american from novelists
claire_cook	21st-century women novelists
araceli_ardón	mexican women
adam_kuckhoff	german german
nina_berberova	russian russian
matt_bell_:author	american births
david_whitaker_:screenwriter	english births
emilio_salgari	italian male
aurora_levins_morales	american american
awn_alsharif_qasim	people deaths
pearl_s._buck	american from
nancy_cato	20th-century women
gotthold_gloger	german german
merata_kawharu	south zealand
gary_shteyngart	american writers
diana_rowland	american women novelists
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
charles_gaines	american from
patrick_mchale_:artist	american male
eugene_fodor_:writer	american from
ekhlasuddin_ahmed	bangladeshi of
edward_r.pease	english of
omar_abd_al-kafi	egyptian people
charles_dickens	english male
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
ernest_holmes	american from
david_wingrove	english births
dan_goor	american television
gerard_mckeown	australian births
david_icke	english of
charles_nelson_:writer	american of novelists
benjamin_lebert	german births
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
richard_ballantine	american births
elizabeth_wormeley_latimer	19th-century women
mike_carlin	american comics
cho_hae-il	south korean
gregory_tesser	british births
catherine_lacey_:author	american american
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
brenda_jagger	20th-century romantic novelists
deborah_robertson	australian short story
akira_yoshimura	japanese births
ben_hamper	american from
caroline_sascha_cogez	year of birth missing
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
gavriil_troyepolsky	russian deaths
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
eulalie_spence	american american
daniil_andreyev	russian male
dagmar_von_mutius	20th-century women writers
felicia_skene	19th-century deaths
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
randolph_stow	australian australian
george_griffith	british of
mario_mendoza_zambrano	colombian short
amina_mama	21st-century of
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
grazia_deledda	italian women
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
ramsey_campbell	english english
christianna_brand	20th-century women novelists
demetrios_bernardakis	venezuelan births
hagar_wilde	american american novelists
marita_fossum	21st-century norwegian novelists
dmitry_grigorovich	russian russian
robert_sheaffer	american writers
antonia_hodgson	21st-century women writers
dan_michel_of_northgate	english deaths
elizabeth_carpenter	american from
maria_stona	20th-century women
gabriela_babnik	slovenian from
donna_kossy	american women
curt_goetz	german male
maria_aurora_couto	indian women
margaret_cushing_osgood	american american
fazlur_rahman_faridi	people deaths
rebecca_walker	american women
amanda_browning	women romantic fiction
daniil_andreyev	russian male
giorgio_amendola	italian male
dorothy_malone_:writer	american of death
bhoopal_reddy	year of birth
margaret_pemberton	english births
patricia_bernard	21st-century women writers
erik_wolpaw	year of birth
movlud_suleymanli	living people
constantin_stamati	people from
carlos_dews	american from
gerald_brenan	british of
donald_cotton	british births
alan_bleasdale	english male
gunvor_hofmo	norwegian women writers
henry_stephens_salt	english of
geoff_ryman	21st-century male novelists
chandler_tuttle	american male
gore_vidal	american from
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
basil_wells	american american short
brian_clegg_:writer	people of
michael_neale	american people
merna_summers	canadian women novelists
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
marjorie_wallace_:sane	british of
agosti_xaho	french births
frank_o'hara	american from
richard_crasta	american male
augusto_monterroso	guatemalan short
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
maria_doolaeghe	german births
chris_stedman	american from
eriks_ādamsons	20th-century deaths
mirko_breyer	venezuelan births
pam_brady	american television writers
neli_kodrič	slovenian from
maria_rosseels	belgian belgian
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
paul_reed_:writer	american american
eric_de_kuyper	belgian births
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
gish_jen	american short short
premchand	indian from
bill_conall	canadian canadian
mira_mihelič	slovenian from
michael_blumlein	american american novelists
mary_turzillo	21st-century american novelists
arnold_drake	american comics
else_ury	german deaths
ameen_rihani	american american
gert_prokop	german male
martin_boyd	australian short
mehmed_kapetanović	bosnia and herzegovina
conrad_aiken	american american
paul_petit_:writer	french deaths
françois_rabelais	french male
hemchandra_goswami	asom from
diriye_osman	alumni from
alanda_kariza	indonesian births
basil_h.johnston	canadian from
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
elizabeth_stuckey-french	american from
matei_donici	moldovan births
charles_whiting	20th-century deaths
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
charles_garvice	people women writers
n._j._crisp	english english
richard_steele	19th-century of
bhudev_mukhopadhyay	bengali from
rashid_askari	bangladeshi people
p._n._oak	indian writers
ghassan_kanafani	20th-century novelists
elsa_bernstein	20th-century concentration
daniel_loxton	canadian births
barbara_andrews	year of birth
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
richard_appel	american from
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
rae_earl	english women
clement_clarke_moore	american from
aaron_elkins	american american novelists
alexander_ross_:writer	people births
agnes_mary_frances_duclaux	english women
gerald_vizenor	american american
megan_williams_:author	canadian women
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
martti_larni	finnish births
colum_mccann	american from
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
richard_burgin_:writer	american births
marjana_gaponenko	mexican women
maria_bellonci	italian births
ernst_hinterberger	people from
claude_ollier	french french novelists
françois_bon	french french novelists
colin_wilson	english english
margaret_wise_brown	american women
feodor_gladkov	russian male
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
elizabeth_royte	21st-century women writers
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
alastair_mcintosh	scottish of
daniel_merlin_goodbrey	english births
ian_rankin	british of
david_eddie	canadian from
ali_smith	20th-century of
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
mirkka_rekola	20th-century women
penny_busetto	south african writers
bruce_woolley	english births
daniel_scott_:writer	american american novelists
brett_matthews	american television writers
michael_nugent	irish people
daniel_sinapius-horčička	slovak births
ojārs_vācietis	people deaths
constantin_stamati-ciurea	people from
charlotte_von_kalb	german births
bodine_boling	american births
olav_nordrå	norwegian norwegian
anatoly_gunitsky	soviet of
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
andré_chevrillon	french births
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
daniel_f.galouye	american american novelists
frédéric_encel	french births
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
charles_gaines	american from
margaret_hodges	american from
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
froma_harrop	american women
adolfo_bioy_casares	argentine births
fatix_ämirxan	ukrainian deaths
amrita_pritam	indian from
charles_officer	canadian from
carol_bruneau	canadian women novelists
dumitru_matcovschi	moldovan writers
rafael_cardoso_:art_historian	mexican births
andrew_davies_:writer	people of
mervyn_peake	english from
christopher_oscanyan	american deaths
dennis_denisoff	canadian from
plum_johnson	canadian canadian writers
charlotte_delbo	20th-century women
charles_montgomery_:writer	canadian from
christina_crawford	american women writers
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
noo_saro-wiwa	british of
arthur_upfield	20th-century from
normando_hernández_gonzález	living people
melissa_harris-perry	american from
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
annie_groovie	canadian from
henrique_abranches	20th-century from
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
bolwar_mahammad_kunhi	indian male
adolf_fischhof	people male
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
fletcher_pratt	american american novelists
andré_pieyre_de_mandiargues	french french
charles-ferdinand_ramuz	people from
fernando_sabino	brazilian novelists
eugenio_vegas_latapie	spanish births
genevieve_foster	american from
melchior_lengyel	hungarian dramatists
graeme_k.talboys	english births
paul_genesse	american american
edward_behr_:food_writer	american from writers
arandzar	ottoman deaths
oh_takbeon	living births
maxim_kalashnikov	russian births
erik_davis	american births
han_bi-ya	american people
deborah_biancotti	australian women writers
margaret_maddocks	20th-century women novelists
baldev_mishra	telugu writers
michelle_mclean	living universe
robert_musil	20th-century women
betty_friedan	american american
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
drew_pearce	british births
dorothy_scarborough	american from
evelyn_m.richardson	canadian women novelists
rajnarayan_basu	bengali writers
charles_de_lint	21st-century from novelists
maria_kuncewiczowa	people births
catherine_ann_dorset	people women writers
marguerite_henry	american women novelists
arno_surminski	german male
narayan_hemchandra	asom from
nikephoros_i_of_constantinople	byzantine of
nirmal_verma	indian from
bochō_yamamura	japanese births
bernice_morgan	canadian women novelists
claire_de_duras	french births
arshavir_shirakian	armenian deaths
aurora_levins_morales	american american
otar_chiladze	20th-century novelists
diane_fanning	american of novelists
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
georg_heym	german german
mark_lund	american from
gopal_mayekar	people writers
alexander_faulkner_shand	english of
daniel_ivin	croatian births
alice_furlong	irish women
penelope_hobhouse	english of
hans_werner_richter	german of
daniel_lipman	american of birth
robert_m.pirsig	american from
hanna_mina	syrian writers
pierre_rabhi	living births
anthony_simmons_:writer	english educated
monica_arac_de_nyeko	ugandan women
germain-françois_poullain_de_saint-foix	french deaths
birendra_kumar_bhuyan	indian from
bedar_mnagrio	pakistani births
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
al_feldstein	american from
brendan_o'carroll	irish from
cat_marnell	american from
henry_gréville	19th-century deaths
chester_himes	american from
george_elliott_:canadian_writer	20th-century canadian novelists
amy_sterling_casil	american american short
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
pamela_morsi	american women novelists
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
chaman_nahal	indian from
camilla_läckberg	21st-century women
randy_powell	american american novelists
george_pérez	american comics
patricia_briggs	21st-century women novelists
aslak_dørum	norwegian births
charlotte_zolotow	american women
nahum_benari	israeli jews
camara_laye	20th-century novelists
amanda_lohrey	20th-century women
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
renée_french	american comics
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
ian_doescher	american american novelists
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
fermín_abella_y_blave	spanish births
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
hal_clement	american science novelists
phiroz_mehta	people of
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
hanifa_deen	australian births
nuala_ní_chonchúir	irish women
nancy_phelan	20th-century women
maryse_dubuc	canadian births
cathi_unsworth	women women novelists
david_bergman_:american_writer	american male
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
georges_belmont	french french
patrick_mccabe_:novelist	irish short
nancy_french	american women writers
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
maurice_francis_egan	american from
gerald_tomlinson	american from
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
mohammad_sharaf-e-alam	indian writers
garth_ennis	new of
helen_o'clery	irish women writers
antonio_moresco	italian italian
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
dorothy_p.lathrop	american from
betty_roland	australian women
francesco_carotta	british births
alfredo_armas_alfonzo	venezuelan births
matthew_quick	american from novelists
pearl_s._buck	american from
georgi_pulevski	people deaths
carl_amery	german male
alexander_ross_:writer	people births
donald_j.sobol	american from
barry_mccrea	irish births
hans_christian_adamson	american from
brian_mcnaughton	american american novelists
ante_tomić_:writer	croatian novelists
amanda_auchter	american women
raymond_abrashkin	american from
günther_schwab	austrian births
merch_bradt_stewart	american from
dave_dameshek	american from
fernando_gonzález_:writer	cambodian deaths
paul_teng	living births
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
miran_jarc	slovenian births
philippe_camus_:writer	french births
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
rita_mae_brown	american american
elizabeth_anne_finn	people deaths
bjp	american births writers
choe_yun	south korean
robbie_branscum	american women
glendon_swarthout	american american
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
richard_canal	french births
dann_thomas	american comics
bernard_noël	french french novelists
günter_ruch	german male
holly_black	american women novelists
dan_chaon	american american novelists
matthew_felker	american male
edgar_allan_poe	american american
frank_doyle_:writer	people births
anne_gregg	people births
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
camille_de_toledo	french french
gerry_conway	american male
michael_conforti	american television writers
atis_kronvalds	people deaths
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
paul_kirchner	american from
david_a.mcintee	21st-century women writers
richard_crasta	american male
regina_corrado	american television writers
richard_e._kim	american writers
augusto_monterroso	guatemalan short
richard_steele	19th-century of
douglas_kent_hall	american from
nagendra_vijay	living writers
paul_hoffman_:business_writer	american from
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
fortune_feimster	american television
markus_zusak	australian from
michelle_jerott	21st-century women writers
pere_calders	20th-century novelists
charlotte_vale_allen	canadian women novelists
georg_heym	german german
henry_miller	american from
mark_nuckols	american of
ransom_riggs	american people
milly_witkop	german births
marie-anne_de_roumier-robert	french women writers
maria_corsini	italian births
bruce_feiler	american from
qanate_kurdo	people writers
gary_indiana	american of
dino_stamatopoulos	american television
galina_shergova	recipients of
henriette_gislesen	norwegian norwegian
graham_swift	english male
frank_tuohy	english male
oliver_robins	american male
david_ruprecht	american from
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
margarete_kollisch	20th-century women
ragnar_frislid	norwegian norwegian
charles_bucke	english male
richard_stirling	english of
colleen_gleason	american women novelists
mary_downing_hahn	21st-century women novelists
ardath_mayhar	american american novelists
bryan_thao_worra	american from
robert_harling_:writer	american male
otto_tausig	austrian male
hugh_falkus	english educated
gladys_lucy_adshead	irish births
aaron_becker	american from
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
gregory_austin_mcconnell	american male
matthew_mather	canadian from
cherríe_moraga	american american
natasha_arthy	living births
michael_kenward	english births
andrew_dabb	american male
frances_hardinge	english of writers missing
carl_binder	canadian television
patricia_gaffney	21st-century women novelists
fernando_argenta	spanish male
christy_brown	irish deaths
martin_van_beynen	21st-century from
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
chuck_philips	american from
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
peary_chand_mitra	bengali writers
mary_griffith	american children's writers
masahiko_shimada	japanese japanese
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
allegra_huston	english from
hitonari_tsuji	japanese births
anne_bishop	american women novelists
anthony_simmons_:writer	english educated
michael_seitzman	american births
daphne_clair	20th-century women novelists
daniele_bolelli	american male
david_hines	english male
ante_tomić_:writer	croatian novelists
c.c.swiney	american from
brandon_cronenberg	year of birth missing
dj_hazard_:comedian	american male
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
carl_muller	south lankan
priya_a._s	indian indian
robert_fisk	people of
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
max_benitz	english male
carol_weston	american from
carol_matas	canadian women writers
hannah_tinti	21st-century women novelists
denis_johnson	american american
nio_joe_lan	indonesian deaths
glaydah_namukasa	ugandan women
anna_sheehan	21st-century women novelists
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
georges_smal	belgian deaths
denise_robertson	english of
dan_abnett	british of
guri_vesaas	norwegian norwegian writers
milan_kundera	20th-century births
mark_spector	living people
henry_blue_kline	american american
martin_andersen_nexø	danish births
bryan_gruley	american american novelists
edgar_valter	people deaths
antonio_ros_de_olano	polish births
franco_scaglia	italian italian
chris_d'lacey	people births
nikolai_leykin	russian male
devananda_bharali	20th-century from
robert_rimmer	american from
art_spander	american from
hayes_davenport	american television
mary_hood	american women novelists
rafael_hertzberg	19th-century deaths
michael_paul_mason	living people
peter_de_zwaan	living people
earl_mindell	american from
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
peter_ling	english births
eriks_ādamsons	20th-century deaths
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
mark_woods_:sportswriter	living of birth missing
dominique_fernandez	french french
mark_salzman	american from
michael_a._burstein	american american short
nejc_gazvoda	slovenian from
henry_dumas	american from
muhammad_al-maghut	syrian deaths
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
earl_oliver	american from
mary_daheim	american women novelists
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
pramatha_chaudhuri	bengali deaths
erhard_frommhold	people deaths
aqeel_ahmed	english births
michelle_jerott	21st-century women writers
mikhail_artsybashev	russian male
abdallah_marrash	people of
mircea_damian	romanian romanian
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
claudia_dey	21st-century women novelists
rachel_kushner	21st-century american novelists
akash_rajpal	canadian births
cesare_balbo	italian italian
michel_dard	french births
gerard_mckeown	australian births
min_yu_wai	burmese writers
paul_genesse	american american
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
chris_downey	american television writers
rachel_shabi	british births
ida_pollock	20th-century women novelists
neville_cardus	english of
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
george_jonas	canadian from
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
antonino_mango_di_casalgerardo	italian male
harriet_elizabeth_prescott_spofford	american american
devon_shepard	american television writers
riadh_sidaoui	living people
mario_soldati	italian births
h.m.hoover	american women novelists
andré_bjerke	norwegian norwegian
friedrich_christian_delius	german from
arthur_mee	british births
maría_lejárraga	polish male
drago_jančar	slovenian from
holley_rubinsky	canadian women novelists
n._j._crisp	english english
nina_burleigh	american of
phil_ford_:writer	british television
donald_e.westlake	american american novelists
dan_flores	american from
p._t._deutermann	american from
richard_glatzer	american from
eugenia_kim_:author	21st-century women
cesare_sterbini	italian italian
emil_filipčič	slovenian from
pyotr_polevoy	russian writers
francis_gibson	19th-century deaths
harry_lawton	american from
david_heneker	english deaths
riadh_sidaoui	living people
mehrunnisa_parvez	indian women
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
bagrat_ulubabyan	people deaths
connie_glaser	american from
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
henry_thomas_mackenzie_bell	english deaths
eli_amir	israeli births
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
aileen_paterson	scottish of
matthew_tree	english births
bentley_kyle_evans	american television
fred_golan	american television birth
frieda_a.murray	american women novelists
chris_stedman	american from
banarsidas_chaturvedi	indian writers
chris_d'lacey	people births
erik_lie_:writer	norwegian norwegian
brian_andreas	american american
britta_gröndahl	20th-century women
martha_walker_freer	19th-century births
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
antony_jay	people of
elizabeth_sims	21st-century women novelists
robert_d.cardona	american television
muriel_draper	american women
myron_sharaf	american of
gita_sahgal	indian from
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
pierre_daninos	20th-century french
maurice_halperin	american from
gert_prokop	german male
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
george_m.merrick	american from
hutton_gibson	american from
christopher_nicole	20th-century women novelists
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
don_brinkley	american television
bhargavaram_viththal_varerkar	marathi-language deaths
henry_winterfeld	american births
nathanaël	canadian women novelists
h.ogden_wintermute	american from
nur-eldeen_masalha	living births
elie_wiesel	american american
michael_krüger_:writer	german women
anwaar_ahmad	pakistani of
goffredo_parise	italian male
david_wingrove	english births
gustav_falke	german from
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
franco_scaglia	italian italian
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
christine_feehan	american women novelists
fyodor_stepun	russian deaths
beb_vuyk	20th-century women writers
hart_amos	australian births
raymond_mortimer	people of
hannah_burdon	19th-century deaths
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
alexander_herzen	russian russian
benudhar_rajkhowa	asom from
ada_jack_carver_snell	american from
matt_fraction	american comics
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
bev_sellars	canadian women writers
george_anania	romanian novelists
mike_penner	american from
nat_nwe	burmese from
carlos_manuel_de_céspedes_y_quesada	people births
peary_chand_mitra	bengali writers
gudrun_pausewang	german women writers
eduard_uspensky	russian male
daniel_micka	austrian births
parker_marie_molloy	american from
christina_hardyment	british births
oliva_sabuco	spanish births
david_n.donihue	american male
peggy_payne	american births
maxim_gorky	russian male
olly_mann	english male
martin_pasko	canadian from writers
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
han_kang	people women
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
craig_lancaster	american male
ben_myers	british births
alexandre_jardin	french french novelists
esther_averill	american women
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
michael_gilbert	british of
raymond_jean	french male
david_zindell	american american novelists
enrique_geenzier	venezuelan deaths
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
edward_lewes_cutts	english deaths
richard_rodriguez	american from
maurice_dodd	english births
remo_forlani	french male
otto_rahn	people births
h.warner_munn	american american novelists
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
charles_sheehan-miles	american from
alan_mitchell_:comics	british of
gemma_files	canadian from writers
brian_lumley	english english
harriot_eaton_stanton_blatch	american from
alan_moore	english births
diane_burroughs	american television writers
nyana_kakoma	ugandan women
aung_thin	burmese births
mushtaq_ahmad_yusufi	pakistani of
dietrich_schwanitz	german births
mena_calthorpe	australian women
amanda_minnie_douglas	american american
o._henry	american births
robert_heron_:writer	scottish births
nyo_mya	burmese births
chan_koonchung	hong births
addison_wiggin	american of birth
nahoko_uehashi	japanese births
angeliki_palli	italian italian
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
hazem_farraj	american people
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
ed_hannigan	american comics writers
mikhail_zagoskin	russian male
anne_hopkins_aitken	american from
paul_kivel	american of writers
greg_bear	american american novelists
bill_prady	american television
robert_morace	american births writers
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
charles_dryden	american from
bwesigye_bwa_mwesigire	ugandan of
matthew_yglesias	american people
michael_scott_:irish_author	irish irish
carl_wilhelm_böttiger	swedish swedish
allister_sparks	south african
angela_arney	year of birth missing
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
rené_daumal	french french
gegham_ter-karapetian	armenian deaths
george_madden_martin	american women novelists
miriam_roth	american people
david_albahari	serbian novelists
robert_laxalt	american american novelists
anton_hansen_tammsaare	20th-century novelists
brian_glanville	english births
gordon_russell_:writer	american television
donald_gallinger	american american short
mike_albo	american from
georges_smal	belgian deaths
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
george_henry_moore_:author	american from
gregg_bordowitz	american births
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
charles_moseley_:writer	people of
peter_nichols	english male
mary_e._pearson	american of writers
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
peter_de_zwaan	living people
robert_lopez_:writer	american people writers
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
margaret_geddes	australian births
alan_fennell	british births
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
epeli_hauʻofa	australian of
arthur_bernède	20th-century french
edward_boyd_:writer	british of
michael_ruppert	american from
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
nevenka_petrić	turkish writers
fred_bodsworth	canadian from
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
gary_demar	american from writers
fabian_nicieza	living from
heather_macallister	american women novelists
aino_malmberg	people births
don_novello	american male
ed_brubaker	american comics
eric_holmes_:videogame_designer	canadian comics is
milan_kundera	20th-century births
hans_wollschläger	german births
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
anthony_hartley	british births
david_metzenthen	australian from
richard_e._kim	american writers
duncan_weller	canadian canadian novelists
archibald_gordon,_5th_marquess_of_aberdeen_and_temair	british deaths
dorothea_macheiner	austrian women writers
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
bill_coffin	american from
françois_sonkin	french french novelists
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
dale_evans	american from
helene_hanff	american women
diamond_shumsher_rana	20th-century deaths
peter_wells_:filmmaker	new of
charles-ferdinand_ramuz	people from
min_yu_wai	burmese writers
helen_pai	american television writers
alphie_mccourt	american from
bohdan_pawłowicz	israeli deaths
biswapati_sarkar	indian of
dimitrije_kantakuzin	15th-century of
mulumba_ivan_matthias	ugandan women
anthony_slide	british births
antoni_bohdziewicz	israeli deaths
d.scott_rogo	american births
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
ratnakar_chaini	living people
derek_drymon	american male
curt_gentry	american from
hortense_calisher	american american
bryan_elsley	british births
pádraic_ó_conaire	19th-century deaths
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
peter_coleman	australian of
riad_ismat	syrian of
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
gail_simmons	canadian from
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
peter_wear	australian people
cindy_haug	norwegian women writers
alberto_de_noronha	indian from
eva_strittmatter	german women writers
robert_d.cardona	american television
matija_bećković	serbian of
carolyn_reeder	american women novelists
florence_parry_heide	american from
philippe_besson	21st-century from
claire_cook	21st-century women novelists
mike_mearls	american people
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
rie_cramer	dutch births
elizabeth_herbert,_baroness_herbert_of_lea	english women writers
aglaia_kremezi	canadian births writers
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
robert_eagle_:filmmaker	british births
e.m.granger_bennett	canadian canadian novelists
homen_borgohain	indian from
pierre_jean_launay	french births
dorothy_sterling	american women
carol_bishop-gwyn	canadian women
robert_kirkman	american male
chaman_nahal	indian from
anthony_burgess	english from
halsted_sullivan	american television writers
ernest_holmes	american from
andrzej_sapkowski	20th-century short
franco_scaglia	italian italian
chingiz_abdullayev	people from
om_raut	indian births
max_allan_collins	american american novelists
gavan_daws	australian of
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
brian_nankervis	australian television
park_wansuh	south korean
cleve_cartmill	american american novelists
peter_stanford	english births
pablo_illanes	chilean births
bushra_elfadil	pakistani from
noelle_stevenson	american of birth
penny_petrone	canadian of
caroline_fourest	21st-century from
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
michèle_mailhot	canadian canadian novelists
daniel_micka	austrian births
dorothy_p.lathrop	american from
premchand	indian from
g.a.kulkarni	indian from
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
bogomir_magajna	slovenian births
felice_schwartz	american women
maxim_gorky	russian male
gabrielle_lord	australian women
cynthia_enloe	21st-century women writers
delwar_hussain	alumni of
dorothee_elmiger	swiss births
hugo_rodríguez-alcalá	paraguayan deaths
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
ian_brennan_:writer	american television
doug_cooper_:author	american from
e.hoffmann_price	american american short
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
hannah_louise_shearer	american women novelists
claudia_casper	21st-century women short
nancy_phelan	20th-century women
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
dan_greenburg	american american novelists
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
baltasar_porcel	spanish births
carl_otto_nordensvan	people births
ayodhya_prasad_upadhyay	indian deaths
remo_forlani	french male
eshkol_nevo	israeli births
martha_walker_freer	19th-century births
nathaniel_peabody_rogers	american from
phil_brucato	living people
noëlle_châtelet	french people
alvin_toffler	american from
else_ury	german deaths
mario_rodríguez_cobos	argentine births
alexander_genis	american births
ramsey_campbell	english english
charlotte_delbo	20th-century women
margaret_maron	american women novelists
hemley_boum	20th-century births
buz_kohan	american television
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
honobu_yonezawa	japanese short
meindert_dejong	american american
medo_pucić	serbian deaths
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
don_escudero	people deaths
alan_dean_foster	american american novelists
ernest_thayer	american from
maude_kegg	american women writers
fiston_mwanza_mujila	21st-century women
charly_chiarelli	canadian from
fred_van_lente	american comics
armstrong_sperry	american from
mike_benson_:screenwriter	american television writers
andrei_strâmbeanu	moldovan writers
rob_grant	english of writers
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
milan_mirić	croatian novelists
qazi_anwar_hussain	bengali writers
helen_o'clery	irish women writers
emma_jane_hogbin	canadian from
david_e.kelley	american television
david_goodis	american american novelists
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
es'kia_mphahlele	south african
nisi_shawl	american american novelists
antoine_de_rivarol	french french
ian_rogers_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
betty_friedan	american american
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
rasmus_steinsvik	norwegian births
raoul_vaneigem	belgian births
ellenor_fenn	19th-century women writers
hugh_falkus	english educated
a.r.krishnashastry	indian from
bill_prady	american television
robert_hutchinson_:author	living people
nabarun_bhattacharya	indian of
beth_lisick	american of novelists
andrzej_sapkowski	20th-century short
melesina_trench	irish women
clifford_ball	american male short
antoine_bigot	19th-century french
nina_george	german women
peter_townend_:novelist	english births novelists
colin_j.gillespie	australian from
antonio_muñoz_molina	spanish births
fiona_fox_:press_officer	people of
meghan_o'rourke	american women
dick_king-smith	english of
igor_mandić	croatian novelists
habib_bektaş	people writers
elizabeth_royte	21st-century women writers
dahlia_lithwick	canadian of birth
peter_de_rome	american births
randall_jahnson	american male
guido_gezelle	flemish from
attila_henrik_szabó	hungarian male
norbert_blei	american american novelists
george_madden_martin	american women novelists
ed_subitzky	american male
ian_cameron_esslemont	canadian from
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
gayl_jones	20th-century women
marinko_stevanović	living from
ping_lu	21st-century women
alice_mcdermott	american women
rinki_bhattacharya	indian people
barbara_hall_:tv_producer	american women writers
heinz_pototschnig	people deaths
narayan_hemchandra	asom from
peter_wells_:filmmaker	new of
petter_pettersson	norwegian births
emilio_salgari	italian male
nate_jackson	living births
harry_l.symons	canadian canadian novelists
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
bradley_bell	american television
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
choi_in-hun	south korean
mark_valenti	american television writers
michael_kenward	english births
david_hillenbrand	american births
robert_cohen_:writer	canadian of
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
hamid_ekrem_šahinović	bosnia and
charles_officer	canadian from
mark_arnold_:historian	american people
max_kretzer	people births
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
ernest_gébler	irish from
netta_muskett	british women novelists
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
pola_gojawiczyńska	polish from
eirik_ildahl	norwegian norwegian
mikhail_stasyulevich	russian deaths
constance_heaven	20th-century romantic novelists
beppe_fenoglio	italian male
alba_de_céspedes_y_bertini	20th-century women
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
philip_f._deaver	american from
angel_cruchaga_santa_maría	american deaths
malika_oufkir	people births is a
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
ni_ko_ye	burmese writers
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
philippe_camus_:writer	french births
ann_hyland	british of birth
homen_borgohain	indian from
daniel_selvaraj	indian writers
claudia_jameson	20th-century romantic fiction
morris_lurie	australian australian
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
hajra_masroor	pakistani from
charles-jean-françois_hénault	french deaths
peter_s._fischer	american television
peter_applebome	american from
andré_aciman	american american
mikhail_albov	russian russian
carol_kolb	american television birth
alexis_lichine	people deaths
michael_o'donoghue	american male
dikran_chökürian	ottoman armenian
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
paul_stewart_:writer	english of birth
margot_bennett_:writer	20th-century women fiction
pier_alessandro_paravia	italian births
elsa_kazi	pakistani births
merho	living births
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
claire_zulkey	american women writers
hutton_gibson	american from
mercy_otis_warren	american american
ernst_hinterberger	people from
patricia_briggs	21st-century women novelists
alan_sillitoe	english short
hannah_mary_rothschild	english of
alfonso_gumucio_dagron	20th-century from
mignon_fogarty	american people writers
adam_niswander	american american short
marcel_lecomte	marc j. is is a writer writer and
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
beverley_nambozo	21st-century women
gabe_hudson	american american novelists
claude_jeancolas	french births
matt_reeves	american television
colin_harvey_:writer	british of novelists
olivier_weber	french french
b.l.coombes	people of
renee_roszel	21st-century women novelists
bruce_kalish	american television
fahrettin_çiloğlu	turkish people
eliza_frances_andrews	american american
panchapakesa_jayaraman	indian of
diana_rowland	american women novelists
raditya_dika	living births
henrietta_christian_wright	american children's
muthoni_likimani	mexican women
hassan_poladi	living births
mark_simmons_:author	year of birth
anne_flournoy	american film
clara_louisa_wells	american women writers
george_ade	american american
meto_jovanovski_:writer	living writers
robert_poulet	belgian births
h.g.wells	english of
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
nene_gare	australian women
ed_robison	american births
grigory_baklanov	russian short
erik_diesen	norwegian from
norman_ward	canadian from
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
enid_blyton	20th-century women novelists
mary_ann_kelty	19th-century women writers
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
diane_fanning	american of novelists
monica_mary_gardner	english deaths
rhys_hughes	british births
annejet_van_der_zijl	20th-century women writers
carlos_noguera	venezuelan births
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
nina_george	german women
germain-françois_poullain_de_saint-foix	french deaths
harry_l.symons	canadian canadian novelists
nele_neuhaus	living people writers
benjamin_taylor_:author	american university
brigitte_reimann	german women writers
e.m.granger_bennett	canadian canadian novelists
hal_clement	american science novelists
colin_wilson	english english
anne_holmberg	american women novelists
dalia_sofer	american of
aimé_martin	french male
dhimitër_xhuvani	albanian male
elena_puw_morgan	20th-century women
moderata_fonte	italian women
giannina_braschi	american women
mark_friedman	american births
ottar_grepstad	living births
barry_michael_harman	american from
elizabeth_thornton	20th-century women novelists
benedict_allen	english of
melina_marchetta	australian children's
ernest_thayer	american from
harold_cronk	american births
dumitru_matcovschi	moldovan writers
hervé_bazin	french french
margaret_larkin	american american
dallas_john_baker	australian short story
harvey_ovshinsky	american male
nick_dear	english male
franz_fühmann	german german
alain_leroy_locke	american from
henri_thomas	french french novelists
achy_obejas	american american
alison_goodman	20th-century women writers
gerald_reece	english of
mark_lund	american from
george_macovescu	romanian from
park_taewon	people births
marie_sophie_schwartz	19th-century births
chiaki_kawamata	japanese births
darcy_frey	american of
hovhannes_setian	armenian deaths
a.a.phillips	australian from
robert_bloch	american american novelists
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
chandradhar_barua	20th-century from
abdul_wahid_nazari	living births
bogomir_magajna	slovenian births
espen_klouman_høiner	norwegian from
cathi_unsworth	women women novelists
amos_oz	israeli novelists
aaron_peck	canadian from
gregory_orfalea	american people
frank_o'hara	american from
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
michael_o'donoghue	american male
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
marinko_stevanović	living from
alireza_gholami	iranian births
boris_glinsky	russian deaths
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
doron_medalie	israeli people
alex_haley	american from
arkady_arkanov	people of
diane_fanning	american of novelists
alberto_barrera_tyszka	croatian novelists
hilda_twongyeirwe	ugandan women
eric_liu	american from
dmitri_prigov	russian male
edith_ranum	norwegian women
muhammad_al-maghut	syrian deaths
betty_ren_wright	american women novelists
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
a.m.dellamonica	21st-century canadian short
mike_resnick	american american novelists
carlo_emilio_gadda	italian italian
morris_lurie	australian australian
mulk_raj_anand	indian of
amar_sindhu	year of
gwion_hallam	british of is
annie_groovie	canadian from
pearl_s._buck	american from
rajnarayan_basu	bengali writers
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
frank_skinner	english educated
anthony_swofford	american from
paulette_nardal	20th-century women writers
dionciel_armstrong	american film
mary_alice_downie	canadian women writers
gary_indiana	american of
hella_haasse	20th-century women
na_do-hyang	south births
frederick_simpich	american deaths
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
miranda_lee	australian women writers
anthony_coburn	australian births writers
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
gita_mehta	indian from
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
florence_caddy	people births
maynah_lewis	20th-century romantic novelists
evelyn_m.richardson	canadian women novelists
norm_augustinus	american of
franz_kafka	austrian births
christiane_koren	norwegian norwegian writers
patrick_deville	french french
arthur_richman	american from
fang_zhouzi	american births
hiroko_takenishi	japanese births
matthew_reinhart	american people
curt_goetz	german male
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
eliza_ruhamah_scidmore	american from
bruce_bawer	american from
ganjali_sabahi	turkish births
david_whitaker_:screenwriter	english births
mary_francis_shura	american women novelists
mary_martha_sherwood	english women writers
eliza_sproat_turner	american american
djuna_barnes	american american
b.m.suhara	20th-century women
christopher_levett	english deaths
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
heidi_macdonald	american of birth
mike_edison	american of
carlene_hatcher_polite	american women novelists
michele_zackheim	21st-century women novelists
alexander_m.phillips	american american short
derren_litten	english male
radu_pavel_gheo	romanian short
neil_druckmann	american comics
heidi_macdonald	american of birth
david_barr_kirtley	american american novelists
maria_benedita_bormann	brazilian women
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
bob_paris	american from
gordon_lish	american american novelists
bhisham_sahni	indian from
paul_strathern	british writers
george_woodcock	canadian from
gavin_stamp	english of
giulio_angioni	italian italian
barry_took	english educated
frédéric_mistral	19th-century french
francis_trevelyan_miller	american births
clifford_lindsey_alderman	american american novelists
mushtaq_ahmad_yusufi	pakistani of
arleen_paré	canadian women
chris_mannix	american deaths
catherynne_m.valente	21st-century american novelists
michel_quint	french births
dmitry_lipkin	american television writers
hartmut_abendschein	german births
claudio_sanchez	american births
risto_ahti	mexican writers
monica_buonfiglio	year of birth
richard_e.kim	marc births is is a writer writer and and
nigel_calder	english educated
eduard_vilde	estonian from
helen_lilian_shaw	20th-century women writers
herbert_huncke	american from
nawal_el_saadawi	egyptian people
pietro_di_donato	american from
richard_d.ryder	michael j. is is a writer writer and
paul_teng	living births
patrick_casey_:writer	american male
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
maurice_joyeux	french deaths
plum_johnson	canadian canadian writers
anne_wingate	american from novelists
dwayne_mcduffie	american comics
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
oliver_onions	english male
michèle_mailhot	canadian canadian novelists
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
max_simon_ehrlich	american male novelists
félix_morisseau-leroy	20th-century dramatists
paul_groussac	french deaths
budge_wilson	canadian of
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
arthur_golden	american from
mohammad_sharaf-e-alam	indian writers
alija_isaković	bosnia from
bruce_bawer	american from
han_su-san	south korean
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
marilyn_kaye	living from
hart_hanson	american television writers
gillian_polack	australian women writers
richard_euringer	german male
abraham_h.de_vries	british births
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
gleb_uspensky	russian male
anibal_joão_melo	slovenian births
adolf_uzarski	german deaths
conrado_nalé_roxlo	argentine male
matt_warburton	american television
avram_davidson	american american novelists
carol_barbee	american television writers
hidayat_orujov	people from
maureen_child	21st-century women novelists
bernard_maclaverty	scottish of
robert_beauvais	french deaths
ricardo_miró	venezuelan deaths
eric_hansen_:travel_writer	american of birth
francine_prose	american american novelists
deb_caletti	21st-century women novelists
hugh_falkus	english educated
martin_van_beynen	21st-century from
michael_lisicky	american from
perry_rosemond	canadian from
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
heinz_politzer	american jews
carl_potts	american comics
barry_johnston_:writer	english births
akram_aylisli	azerbaijani azerbaijani
avadhanam_sita_raman	indian from
aravind_adiga	20th-century births
carlos_noguera	venezuelan births
miklós_vámos	hungarian from
rick_copp	american from
don_l.johnson	american from
anne_douglas_sedgwick	20th-century women writers
charlotta_frölich	19th-century births
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
melissa_harris-perry	american from
nagendra_narayan_choudhury	indian from
eustace_budgell	english deaths
carlos_manuel_de_céspedes_y_quesada	people births
duncan_barrett	english educated
adeline_sergeant	english women writers
martha_brooks	canadian women writers
carlos_franqui	brazilian births
mark_forsyth	english births
adolf_fierla	polish from
anne_gregg	people births
dmitry_gordon	ukrainian births
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
geneviève_billette	canadian canadian novelists
hector_c.macpherson	scottish deaths
flavio_herrera	guatemalan short
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
mir-jam	20th-century novelists
bruno_podalydès	french male
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
ethan_gross	american of birth
george_william_curtis	american american
friedrich_märker	german from
marion_mainwaring	american women
emanuele_nutile	italian male
robert_j.schwalb	living game
mindy_newell	american comics
andrea_camilleri	italian italian
piers_brendon	british of
brian_c.anderson	american of birth missing
garci_sánchez_de_badajoz	spanish births
hans_fallada	german deaths
ali_bey_huseynzade	azerbaijani deaths
hermann_kant	german of
ida_hegazi_høyer	norwegian norwegian writers
edem_awumey	canadian canadian
críostóir_ó_floinn	people births
olufemi_terry	people leonean novelists
christopher_riley	english births
deborah_tall	american women
arild_haga	norwegian births
erik_lie_:writer	norwegian norwegian
p._m._taj	indian male
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
hasan_azizul_huq	bangladeshi of
bohdan_pawłowicz	israeli deaths
bhudev_mukhopadhyay	bengali from
else_ury	german deaths
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
david_icke	english of
bill_bauer_:poet	canadian from
anthony_burgess	english from
audrey_howard	20th-century women novelists
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
mikiel_anton_vassalli	people deaths
omar_abd_al-kafi	egyptian people
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
fred_dekker	american births
max_gallo	french people
michel_basilières	canadian canadian novelists
christopher_moore_:author	american american novelists
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
peter_høeg	argentine births
charles_stross	english science fiction
charlie_angus	canadian from
cynthia_harrod-eagles	21st-century women novelists
hilton_als	american of
ian_b.goldberg	american television birth
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
duane_simolke	american from
pramod_raman	indian women short
darrell_schweitzer	american american short
alistair_paterson	new zealand
cheon_un-yeong	south korean
nihal_atsız	turkish writers
aron_eli_coleite	american television writers
paula_pell	american television writers
nikolay_breshko-breshkovsky	russian russian
margret_rey	german births
nikolai_uspensky	russian russian
aleksandar_hemon	american american
borys_hrinchenko	ukrainian deaths
hutton_gibson	american from
eula_biss	american university
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
max_tau	german deaths
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
david_goldschmid	american television writers
armstrong_sperry	american from
i.dragoslav	romanian short
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
gert_hofmann	20th-century from
carol_dunlop	canadian from
dawn_powell	american american
bonnie_clearwater	american from
henry_barham	people births
miriam_roth	american people
erik_diesen	norwegian from
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
michelle_jerott	21st-century women writers
martin_walser	german from
ben_loory	american births
eugen_gottlob_winkler	german deaths
edward_davies_:celtic	people births
andrew_williams_:novelist	people of
paulo_fernando_craveiro	people people
gábor_görgey	hungarian from
guy_davenport	american american
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
peter_sotos	american people
esme_langley	australian deaths
mary_anne_burges	people women
alois_jirásek	austrian births
may_cutler	canadian women
daniel_le_clerc	people from
carl_amery	german male
gerald_o'carroll	british of birth
carol_j.adams	american from
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
norris_mcwhirter	people of
esme_langley	australian deaths
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
barry_unsworth	english of
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
ng_yi-sheng	singaporean people
abdul_haq_choudhury	bengali from
n.m._mohan	indian writers
philippe_langlois	people births
aniceto_dos_reis_gonçalves_viana	people births
marion_bloem	21st-century women
andrew_clements	american from
pat_proft	american television
rebecca_winters	american women novelists
cynthia_ozick	american american
mary_lee_settle	american american
donald_f.glut	american comics
charles_angell_bradford	british of
martin_kihn	american university
christopher_riley	english births
georges_pillement	french births
matei_donici	moldovan births
franca_treur	dutch dutch
daisuke_watanabe	hong comics
david_goldblatt_:writer	english of
andri_snær_magnason	people births
george_f.willison	american rican
patrick_rothfuss	american american novelists
ove_von_spaeth	living writers
richard_hooker_:author	american from
robert_aron	french deaths
diane_carey	american women novelists
e.m.granger_bennett	canadian canadian novelists
nagavally_r._s._kurup	indian film
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
rajkumar_shitaljit_singh	indian from
hava_volovich	russian writers
amina_adil	burmese deaths
monica_buonfiglio	year of birth
nev_fountain	english of writers
mary_maccarthy	20th-century women novelists
barbara_euphan_todd	english deaths
marjorie_gross	canadian from
mikhail_zhvanetsky	recipients of
alfred_gregory_yewen	australian deaths
esther_kamatari	21st-century women writers
antal_stašek	19th-century of
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
antonio_de_molina	year of birth missing
betty_ren_wright	american women novelists
helena_cobban	british of
dimitri_verhulst	people deaths
mohammed_rateb_al-nabulsi	living writers
mario_rodríguez_cobos	argentine births
christophe_honoré	french male
radoje_domanović	serbian deaths
michael_chamberlain	australian from
ed_solomon	american television
carlene_hatcher_polite	american women novelists
carl_phillips	american from
cissy_van_marxveldt	dutch births
george_geary_bennis	19th-century births
georg_heym	german german
charlie_coffey_:writer	american television
margaret_mazzantini	italian births
david_barr_kirtley	american american novelists
martin_hyun	living births
archibald_gordon,_5th_marquess_of_aberdeen_and_temair	british deaths
denis_johnson	american american
martin_andersen_nexø	danish births
anwaar_ahmad	pakistani of
narayan_sitaram_phadke	indian deaths
pádraic_ó_conaire	19th-century deaths
brentley_frazer	australian from
dhananjay_keer	indian from
al_milgrom	american comics
robert_aron	french deaths
daniel_tammet	english of
harry_bernstein	american from
claude_mckay	people people
robert_bloch	american american novelists
carlos_franqui	brazilian births
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
mihkel_raud	living births
marie_desplechin	french people
hallvard_rieber-mohn	norwegian births
christine_miscione	21st-century women novelists
ramo_nakajima	japanese japanese
evan_solomon	canadian people
douglas_bland	canadian women birth
monique_watteau	20th-century women writers
mohan_bhandari_:writer	indian writers
alice_furlong	irish women
rob_long	american television writers
claire_cook	21st-century women novelists
alberto_fuguet	american births
ranjit_desai	indian from
bijan_najdi	iranian short
ann_major	american women novelists
myriam_joire	canadian births
daniel_pennac	french french
géza_gárdonyi	chilean deaths
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
rené_lapierre	canadian canadian novelists
panje_mangesh_rao	indian writers
david_horowitz	american from
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
giorgio_faletti	italian births
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
bruce_bawer	american from
melissa_lucashenko	australian women
carla_lane	english from
alasdair_gray	british of
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
ahmed_ismail_samatar	saudi arabian
ian_mchugh	australian of writers
netta_syrett	english english
max_zimmering	german male
brian_ford_sullivan	american of birth
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
mary_agria	21st-century american novelists
david_rakoff	american american
benedict_allen	english of
ann_hyland	british of birth
norman_corwin	american male novelists
bill_coffin	american from
fatou_diome	living births
guido_monte	italian male
robert_mccloskey	american from
c.k.stead	new zealand
georgia_byng	people of
andrew_collins_:broadcaster	english male
alois_hotschnig	20th-century short
adam_muto	american television
maria_amelie	living births
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
clive_barker	lgbt male
hedda_zinner	german of
harry_sinclair_drago	american from
max_gallo	french people
mia_couto	20th-century short
charles_g.booth	american from
benedict_allen	english of
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
boris_movilă	moldovan writers
mike_snider	american people
fred_stenson_:writer	canadian from
cameron_duncan	american from
ritchie_perry	21st-century women novelists
agnes_nixon	american television
brian_cleeve	irish from
margot_arce_de_vázquez	puerto rican
dimitry_elias_léger	american american
alissa_york	canadian women novelists
amanda_kyle_williams	american women novelists
peter_gibson_:writer	american male
florida_friebus	american from
ardath_mayhar	american american novelists
mkrtich_armen	armenian deaths
breda_smolnikar	slovenian from
carlos_franz	chilean births
anne_hollingsworth_wharton	american deaths
ezra_jack_keats	american of
adam_c.engst	american from
gore_vidal	american from
frédéric-auguste_cazals	people deaths
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
berta_ruck	20th-century women novelists
ed_solomon	american television
norman_hapgood	american from
frank_moorhouse	australian short
charles_officer	canadian from
brynne_chandler	20th-century women novelists
cynthia_defelice	20th-century women novelists
eileen_wilks	american women novelists
hans_weiss_:author	english births
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
constance_heaven	20th-century romantic novelists
pål_johan_karlsen	people births
edem_awumey	canadian canadian
don_marti	year of birth
burnie_burns	american male
debbie_dadey	american children's
bushra_rahman	pakistani of
peter_simpson_:writer	new of
amy_welborn	american from
martha_mason_:writer	people births
naomi_duguid	canadian people
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
brian_fawcett	canadian canadian
mel_tolkin	american male
frank_asch	american from
chuck_mckenzie	australian short story
barbara_margaret_trimble	20th-century women novelists
grace_mann_brown	american deaths
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
alexandra_shimo	canadian canadian
david_j.mitchell	canadian from
arthur_bernède	20th-century french
miria_george	new of writers
charlie_angus	canadian from
michel_onfray	french french
eric_m.witchey	american american short
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
mohammed_arav_bessaoud	2nd-century deaths
charles_dickens	english male
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
agnes_sligh_turnbull	american from
akiva_schaffer	american male
albert_tam	hong births
maureen_jennings	21st-century women writers
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
andrus_kivirähk	venezuelan deaths
alfred_gissing	english of
dmitry_strelnikov	russian births
charles_d'ambrosio	american of workshop
cathy_williams	women of fiction
rené_lapierre	canadian canadian novelists
hermann_broch	austrian deaths
harut_sassounian	american deaths
george_egerton	irish women
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
abdul_muis	2nd-century births
panteleimon_kulish	ukrainian deaths
o._henry	american births
hamid_khan_:lawyer	pakistani births
colin_j.gillespie	australian from
charles_blackstone	american american novelists
daniel_krige	australian television
robert_dean_frisbie	american from
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
marie-anne_de_bovet	french women writers
nagen_saikia	indian indian
gayl_jones	20th-century women
antonio_skármeta	chilean jews
brandon_choi	american of birth
henry_bérenger	people deaths
ariel_levy	american american
anne_marriott	canadian women
aline_valangin	swiss births
mona_kent	american women writers
oliver_onions	english male
charmaine_cadeau	21st-century canadian novelists
angela_hernández_nuñez	dominican of
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
olivar_asselin	19th-century deaths
gus_tf_sakai	indonesian births
david_armand_:author	american male
olivier_weber	french french
ian_rankin	british of
amanda_mckittrick_ros	19th-century births
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
donald_wilson_:writer_and_producer	british births
ferdinand_brunetière	french deaths
max_gladstone	american american novelists
gwyn_thomas_:novelist	20th-century short
michael_banim	irish deaths
d.j.machale	american television writers
mark_blagrave	canadian canadian novelists
greg_rucka	american from
christine_craig	21st-century short
michael_szameit	italian male
rick_mcginnis	living people
blair_mastbaum	lgbt american
ben_richards_:writer	english male
donna_tartt	american women
dan_brereton	american comics
george_reinblatt	canadian from
diane_ruggiero	american television writers
mildred_noble	american women
géza_bereményi	hungarian male
gerald_o'carroll	british of birth
evan_lavender-smith	american american
paul_levinson	american american
mir-jam	20th-century novelists
erik_oleson	american television writers
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
david_armand_:author	american male
eleanor_coerr	canadian women writers
david_hine	english male
richard_walton	american from
paul_reed_:writer	american american
norberto_romualdez	people writers
deric_longden	english deaths
dorothy_allison	american women
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
muriel_denison	canadian women novelists
martin_walser	german from
d.v.gundappa	indian from
max_ehrmann	american births
cathleen_with	canadian canadian novelists
motohiko_izawa	japanese japanese
gorō_masaki	japanese births
miklós_vámos	hungarian from
eileen_wilks	american women novelists
armas_äikiä	ukrainian deaths
richard_baker_:theologian	english deaths
elsa_triolet	russian women
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
david_j.bradley	american from
perley_poore_sheehan	american from
allan_chappelow	people of
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
hitonari_tsuji	japanese births
d.j.machale	american television writers
hagop_baronian	armenian deaths
hanne_ørstavik	21st-century women writers
hrishikesh_sulabh	indian male
anthony_armstrong_:writer	20th-century male
baltasar_lopes_da_silva	cape verdean
caleb_crain	american of
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
rebecca_solnit	american women
hans_jæger	norwegian deaths
brian_floca	american of
ed_husain	british of
f.digby_hardy	people of
owen_kildare	american american novelists
mary_wibberley	english women novelists
michael_i._wagner	american television
festus_iyayi	nigerian births
guy_de_maupassant	french french
ann_mortifee	canadian from
antal_stašek	19th-century of
peter_stursberg	canadian of
david_nekrutman	american people
francis_stuart	irish deaths
dacia_maraini	italian women
rich_wilson_:journalist	english of
don_quinn	people deaths
elizabeth_herbert,_baroness_herbert_of_lea	english women writers
nega_mezlekia	canadian from
etta_federn	mexican women
d.c.kizhakemuri	indian from
philip_walsingham_sergeant	english births
mbongeni_ngema	south births
nancy_weber	21st-century women
betty_friedan	american american
claire_mowat	canadian women writers
matt_k._lewis	american of
mikhail_albov	russian russian
reginald_hudlin	american film
henning_haslund-christensen	people deaths
adam_radwanski	canadian from
paul_wayne	canadian people
frank_skinner	english educated
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
nicholas_sparks	american american
bartolomé_pou	spanish deaths
dave_thompson_:author	british births
henry_miller	american from
athénaïs_michelet	french women
morgan_higby_night	american births
clare_winger_harris	american american short
pierre_decourcelle	french french
chris_allen_:author	australian births
hari_singh_dilbar	indian of
peter_moore_smith	american of novelists
horace_kephart	american deaths
andrzej_maksymilian_fredro	people deaths
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
alois_jirásek	austrian births
corín_tellado	spanish women
corrina_wycoff	american short
paul_castiglia	american comics
bozorg_alavi	iranian births
heinz_piontek	german deaths
beverly_cleary	american from
iason_athanasiadis	american university
daniel_hahn	british of
robert_p.t.coffin	american american
eldridge_cleaver	american from
rhys_hughes	british births
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
michael_carroll_:american_writer	21st-century of
pier_antonio_quarantotti_gambini	italian italian
maurice_mierau	canadian from
paul_di_filippo	american american short
astrid_roemer	surinamese births
robert_a.heinlein	american from
pattathuvila_karunakaran	20th-century male
meir_shalev	israeli births
rené_daumal	french french
harvey_pekar	american from
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
robert_costa_:journalist	american of
flora_annie_steel	19th-century short
george_gladir	american comics
hal_clement	american science novelists
alex_haley	american from
hubert_harrison	american of
doug_levitt	american births
anton_rønneberg	norwegian norwegian
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
edem_awumey	canadian canadian
norman_lowell	living births
chris_thompson_:tv_producer	american television
david_bergelson	russian writers
antranig_dzarugian	armenian deaths
carlos_monsiváis	mexican births
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
peter_kalifornsky	american women
minfong_ho	living people
nilmoni_phukan_:senior	asom from
annie_vivanti	italian women
d.v.gundappa	indian from
gerasimos_vokos	people deaths
bonnie_bowman	21st-century women novelists
robert_t.jeschonek	american american short
gustav_von_struensee	german male
howard_chaykin	american from
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
rafael_levaković	dominican deaths
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
elizabeth_laime	american from
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
eugenia_kim_:author	21st-century women
mike_leigh	english male
emilio_salgari	italian male
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
matei_donici	moldovan births
emilia_salvioni	italian italian
anne_sayre	american women
benedict_allen	english of
margaret_maddocks	20th-century women novelists
marie_kohler	american from
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
alana_lowes	australian from
michael_d._ratner	american births
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
michael_collins_piper	american from
günther_schwab	austrian births
pío_moa	spanish births
robert_aron	french deaths
pitcheswara_rao_atluri	year of birth missing
pam_veasey	american television writers
raphaël_millet	french births
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
hugh_abercrombie_anderson	canadian from
carlos_dews	american from
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
mary_somerville	19th-century women
pamela_aidan	21st-century women novelists
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
marjorie_williams	american from
hugo_rodríguez-alcalá	paraguayan deaths
mary_maccarthy	20th-century women novelists
halil_jaçellari	albanian short
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
alice_furlong	irish women
raoul_vaneigem	belgian births
cortney_lance_bledsoe	american women
catherine_jones_:novelist	place of birth
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
ian_watson_:author	people of novelists
martin_van_beynen	21st-century from
chris_chibnall	british births
elsa_joubert	south african
gabriela_brimmer	mexican births
rich_cohen	american people
caroline_sascha_cogez	year of birth missing
richard_levinson	american television
robert_sharoff	american people writers
mary_lorson	american of birth
akiva_schaffer	american male
hryhorii_epik	ukrainian of
daniil_andreyev	russian male
dionysius_lardner	people births
dewi_lestari	indonesian births
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
pola_gojawiczyńska	polish from
célestine_hitiura_vaite	21st-century women
may_cutler	canadian women
mirzadeh_eshghi	people from
henry_bond	english births
dahvi_waller	canadian from writers
pyotr_tkachev	imperial deaths
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
fang_zhouzi	american births
geneviève_billette	canadian canadian novelists
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
christophe_naudin	belgian births
chiaki_kawamata	japanese births
adolf_fischhof	people male
amanda_auchter	american women
abdul_qayum_:imam	british births
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
brunello_rondi	italian male
mary_renault	20th-century from
marie-jeanne_l'héritier	french women writers
brunello_rondi	italian male
gudrun_pausewang	german women writers
imad_rahman	american of
anthony_ellis_:writer	year of birth
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
hermann_kant	german of
allison_silberberg	american women writers
donna_kossy	american women
rajko_perušek	slovenian writers
grace_kennedy_:writer	19th-century women
michel_lawrence	living people
andrea_jutson	21st-century women novelists
patrick_deville	french french
norma_k._hemming	20th-century women writers
darryl_ponicsan	american american novelists
anton_hansen_tammsaare	20th-century novelists
penelope_fletcher	21st-century women writers
patrick_deville	french french
hidayat_orujov	people from
heda_margolius_kovály	20th-century women
matthew_j._trafford	canadian canadian novelists
alan_moore	english births
brett_harvey_:director	year of birth
delwar_hussain	alumni of
balakumaran	indian indian
charity_waciuma	20th-century women
matt_granfield	australian births
cizia_zykë	french french
mirko_breyer	venezuelan births
elie_wiesel	american american
evald_flisar	slovenian from
carole_hayman	english of writers
deric_longden	english deaths
enrique_dussel	argentine from
michael_erard	year of birth
ethel_m.dell	english deaths writers
bruno_bernard_:writer	belgian births
mosse_jørgensen	norwegian births
atrpet	armenian armenian
eugie_foster	american american novelists
i.d.du_plessis	south african
clara_de_chatelain	19th-century deaths
dilman_dila	ugandan women
rob_roberge	year of birth
emily_short	year of birth missing
choi_in-ho	south births
anne_de_la_roche-guilhem	french women writers
george_thengummoottil	indian births
marguerite_rawalt	american deaths
duarte_barbosa	portuguese births
charles_belfoure	american from novelists
e.b.white	american from
morgan_bell	australian from
bill_oddie	english educated
rami_ollaik	living people
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
anne_sayre	american women
bernard_rudofsky	people deaths
patrice_evans	american bloggers
dorothy_ripley	english births
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
mary_martha_sherwood	english women writers
cleo_odzer	american births
hemchandra_goswami	asom from
melissa_bradshaw	english of
elisa_brune	belgian births
francisco_bermúdez_de_pedraza	spanish births
al_feldstein	american from
emanuele_nutile	italian male
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
anvar_mammadkhanli	ukrainian deaths
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
david_ossman	american from
ally_condie	american women novelists
channing_gibson	american television writers
patrick_white	australian short
gillian_polack	australian women writers
gabriel_soriano	british births
freeman_h.hubbard	american births
azariah_southworth	american from
elisa_von_der_recke	german births
felicia_bond	american women
caroline_leakey	english women
abdul_qavi_desnavi	indian from
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
mary_ann_kelty	19th-century women writers
asim_mahmood	pakistani births
ibrahim_al-buleihi	saudi arabian
evgenia_tur	russian short
petar_kočić	bosnia and herzegovina
bergljot_hobæk_haff	20th-century women writers
chintha_ravi	indian male
p._balachandran	indian male
matilda_hays	19th-century women
adrian_james_martyn	irish births
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
mary_maccarthy	20th-century women novelists
patricia_pearson	canadian people
anasuya_shankar	indian writers
andrei_bitov	russian male
mary_kingsley	19th-century deaths
matthew_stokoe	living people
gary_david_goldberg	american television
dimbeswar_neog	asom from
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
michel_kilo	syrian of
constantin_stamati-ciurea	people from
pagu	brazilian women
arnulfo_trejo	american american
edmond_hamilton	american comics
david_orton_:deep_ecology	canadian from
charlotta_frölich	19th-century births
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
pu_songling	iranian from
ben_yagoda	american from
monique_laederach	mexican from
pattathuvila_karunakaran	20th-century male
iain_finlayson	scottish births
andrew_davies_:writer	people of
bruno_fuligni	french male
asim_mahmood	pakistani births
alexander_russell_webb	american from
dominique_joseph_garat	french births
mary_de_morgan	19th-century women
heather_lewis_:writer	american american
helen_frost	american women writers
meg_jayanth	year of birth
michael_s._moore	american american novelists
berton_roueché	american from
daniel_picouly	french births
muhammad_husain_azad	indian from
bernice_morgan	canadian women novelists
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
park_wansuh	south korean
mary_hood	american women novelists
phillips_lord	american from
ahmad_kamyabi_mask	indian writers
fleur_jaeggy	swiss births
adam_browne	australian births
dan_swimer	british of birth
g.s.amur	indian from
motilal_jotwani	indian writers
ahmed_ismail_samatar	saudi arabian
peter_de_zwaan	living people
randy_powell	american american novelists
bert_sugar	american of writers
peter_moore_smith	american of novelists
david_leavitt	american american
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
colin_wilson	english english
colin_harvey_:writer	british of novelists
alexandra_sellers	american of birth
d.harlan_wilson	american american short
mary_lee_settle	american american
ennio_foppiani	living births
george_woodcock	canadian from
mirabel_osler	english women writers
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
paul_zacharia	indian indian
frances_hardinge	english of writers missing
david_pritchard_:chess_player	british births
max_crawford_:writer	american from
elie_wiesel	american american
graeme_k.talboys	english births
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
david_leavitt	american american
ian_hamilton_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
daniel_aaron	american of
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
harsha_singamsetty	american deaths
adolph_freiherr_knigge	german deaths
muzi_epifani	20th-century women
elisabeth_axmann	romanian births
musharraf_ali_farooqi	pakistani births
majid_adibzadeh	marc j. is is a writer writer and
pravrajika_vrajaprana	american women writers
hannah_lowe	british of
ailsa_piper	australian from
opal_whiteley	american births
hovik_vardoumian	armenian deaths
david_malouf	australian short
arthur_golden	american from
matt_kindt	american comics
george_kashdan	american comics
nyo_mya	burmese births
anja_štefan_:writer	slovenian women
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
mehmed_uzun	turkish births
clive_barker	lgbt male
r.d.low	marc births is is a writer writer and
nisi_shawl	american american novelists
carl_van_vechten	american from
emma_haché	canadian canadian novelists
ngan_xuyen	spanish births
amber_benson	american women writers
peter_altenberg	austrian deaths
ellen_handler_spitz	american from
hervé_bazin	french french
mir-jam	20th-century novelists
rachakonda_viswanatha_sastry	indian from
alice_mcdermott	american women
matthew_tree	english births
ernst_heilborn	german german
colin_dexter	english of
catherine_turney	american deaths
charles_étienne_brasseur_de_bourbourg	french french
floyd_salas	american rican
charlotta_frölich	19th-century births
dan_greenburg	american american novelists
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
paul_lorck_eidem	norwegian norwegian
garci_sánchez_de_badajoz	spanish births
michael_scarce	american of
nik_welter	people births
danny_casolaro	american from
méryl_marchetti	living births
bohumil_hrabal	austrian births
charles_a.williams_iii	american from
purushottam_agrawal	living people
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
maria_amelie	living births
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
douglas_murray_:author	people of
allen_adler	american from
ian_flynn	american births
robert_poulet	belgian births
adolf_fierla	polish from
hirotada_ototake	living births
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
adolf_fischhof	people male
maria_von_peteani	20th-century deaths
phyllis_reynolds_naylor	american from novelists
angus_reach	19th-century deaths
henry_winterfeld	american births
patrick_senécal	canadian people
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
ananda_chandra_agarwala	indian from
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
brad_falchuk	american television writers
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
elisa_féliz	american of
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
musa_haji_ismail_galal	indonesian deaths
georges_lagrange	french french
barry_turner_:journalist	british of
consuelo_de_saint_exupéry	french french writers
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
dave_morice	american male
barry_oakley	australian australian
alenka_rebula_tuta	slovenian from
brian_plummer	british births
hrishikesh_sulabh	indian male
eli_amir	israeli births
hisham_matar	american of
maria_zhukova	russian russian
david_goldblatt_:writer	english of
renate_stendhal	american births
chen_danyan	people women
avram_davidson	american american novelists
chuck_philips	american from
fernando_ponce_de_león	brazilian novelists
emilio_j.pasarell	puerto deaths
deborah_a.miranda	american american
michelle_mclean	living universe
mulk_raj_anand	indian of
mend-ooyo_gombojav	living writers
adolphe_stoeber	people deaths
henri_thomas	french french novelists
michael_cisco	american american novelists
philip_ball	english of
parker_marie_molloy	american from
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
hilton_als	american of
nirmal_verma	indian from
margret_rey	german births
diamond_shumsher_rana	20th-century deaths
marjorie_morgan	20th-century women writers
robert_poulet	belgian births
dominick_dunne	american from
derek_kirk_kim	american from
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
connie_booth	american from
charles_gramlich	american american short
desmond_hogan	irish short
michael_berz	living people
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
peter_høeg	argentine births
aldous_huxley	english from
ben_birdsall	british writers
margaret_landon	american from
omar_abd_al-kafi	egyptian people
dibyendu_palit	indian of
david_j.howe	british writers
michael_gilbert	british of
ignaty_potapenko	russian male
denis_johnson	american american
henri_deberly	french french
maria_isabel_barreno	20th-century women
boris_georgievich_derevenskij	russian male
maqsood_saqib	marc births is a a writer writer and
dimitrije_kantakuzin	15th-century of
edwin_s.grosvenor	american from
hryhorii_epik	ukrainian of
danny_baker	english educated
eberhard_melchior_:naturalist	german deaths
gertrude_bell	english of
caroline_leakey	english women
giovanni_testori	italian male
anatole_broyard	american from
garrett_lerner	american television writers
edith_b.price	american from
aleš_čar	slovenian from
ng_yi-sheng	singaporean people
adriana_lisboa	brazilian women
guy_du_fresnay	french male
antonio_alatorre	20th-century from
henry_james	american male
evelyn_patuawa-nathan	new of writers
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
risto_ahti	mexican writers
clara_tschudi	norwegian deaths
ahmad_kamyabi_mask	indian writers
olivar_asselin	19th-century deaths
henry_clark_barlow	english male
daniel_dickey	american of
mercy_otis_warren	american american
paul_lorck_eidem	norwegian norwegian
philippe_soupault	french french
christian_beranek	american from
maurice_blanchot	french male
paolo_eleuteri_serpieri	living people
eric_overmyer	american television
alisa_kwitney	american women novelists
alberto_fuguet	american births
mark_bowden	american from
ha_geun-chan	south korean
niel_bushnell	english births
bret_hart	canadian from
brenda_chapman_:writer	21st-century women novelists
harold_preece	american from
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
doug_naylor	english of
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
elisa_von_der_recke	german births
mark_richard	american from
edgar_allan_poe	american american
norris_mcwhirter	people of
clara_sereni	italian women
phillip_frazer	american births
henry_baum	american from
craig_lancaster	american male
arvind_gokhale	indian writers
christianna_brand	20th-century women novelists
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
muzaffer_i̇zgü	turkish people
christiane_rochefort	french women writers
hallvard_rieber-mohn	norwegian births
natabar_samantaray	indian from
ilse_aichinger	austrian deaths
gregory_norman_bossert	american american short
boris_aprilov	polish from
pavel_prudnikau	people from
rie_cramer	dutch births
adam_gollner	canadian of writers
catherine_yronwode	american from
clem_schouwenaars	belgian deaths
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
carol_emshwiller	american american short
mark_waid	american comics
david_chase	american television
robert_d.cardona	american television
mike_benson_:screenwriter	american television writers
daniel_vovak	american from
regina_doman	21st-century women
bolwar_mahammad_kunhi	indian male
premchand	indian from
alex_flinn	american women novelists
danton_remoto	filipino births
andré_aciman	american american
emmanuèle_bernheim	french french writers
ramalho_ortigão	people births
heda_margolius_kovály	20th-century women
evgenia_tur	russian short
muhammed_azam_didamari	malaysian writers
alice_furlong	irish women
hossein_mortezaeian_abkenar	iranian births
aleksander_świętochowski	polish from
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
antonio_gallego_gallego	spanish births
matt_maiocco	american people
pagu	brazilian women
diane_ruggiero	american television writers
robert_kaleski	australian births
frank_decaro	american from
allison_silberberg	american women writers
dimosthenis_kourtovik	greek births
melinda_hsu_taylor	american of writers
necati_cumalı	turkish writers
mohammed_arav_bessaoud	2nd-century deaths
barbara_dawson_smith	21st-century women writers
richard_n._goodwin	american people
george_anania	romanian novelists
elizabeth_lambert	20th-century women novelists
mark_schultz_:comics	american comics
dava_sobel	american of
netta_syrett	english english
andre_dubus	american american novelists
parke_godwin	american american short
paul_lorck_eidem	norwegian norwegian
giles_milton	british of writers
mitchell_hurwitz	american television writers
mary_lyons	living women
d.v.gundappa	indian from
matthew_yglesias	american people
helen_bianchin	women women novelists
desa_muck	slovenian from
miriam_roth	american people
ha_seong-ran	south korean
holly_black	american women novelists
david_mcsavage	british of
benjamin_taylor_:author	american university
gábor_görgey	hungarian from
michael_ruppert	american from
algernon_blackwood	english of
nick_davis_:television_and_movie_producer	american television writers
alan_bradley_:writer	21st-century from
paragu	paraguayan deaths
david_rakoff	american american
pavan_choudary	living people
gabrielle_lord	australian women
mat_johnson	american from
françois_bon	french french novelists
espen_klouman_høiner	norwegian from
david_patrick_:writer	people births
norbert_blei	american american novelists
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
david_docherty	british of
alden_r.hatch	american from
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
donna_tartt	american women
arthur_c.clarke	english from
darril_fosty	canadian of
miriam_roth	american people
merho	living births
mel_tolkin	american male
maria_rosseels	belgian belgian
geoffrey_hoyle	people of
rachakonda_viswanatha_sastry	indian from
gene_levitt	american television
flora_fraser_:writer	english of
george_geary_bennis	19th-century births
martiros_of_crimea	year of birth
pramatha_chaudhuri	bengali deaths
amy_wallace	20th-century women writers
marion_halligan	australian women writers
beverley_jackson	american women novelists
bhudev_mukhopadhyay	bengali from
anthony_bidulka	canadian canadian
anthony_eaton	australian australian novelists
andrew_lam	american american
alter_kacyzne	20th-century novelists
musa_anter	people deaths
cheon_un-yeong	south korean
ben_humble	scottish deaths
alexander_chee	american of novelists
coelho_neto	brazilian deaths
michael_j.rosen	michael j. is is american writer writer and and
e.haldeman-julius	chilean deaths
clay_fulks	american deaths
dahlia_lithwick	canadian of birth
raewyn_alexander	new zealand
frank_o'connor	irish deaths
harishankar_parsai	indian writers
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
arnold_arre	filipino births
eleanor_updale	british of
richard_tomkins	british of
harry_b.smith	american from
mohammed_hasan_alwan	living people
peter_grimwade	british television
miklós_vámos	hungarian from
gregory_orfalea	american people
riichiro_inagaki	living people
michio_takeyama	japanese japanese
ilka_stitz	german women
ilka_stitz	german women
charles_alden_seltzer	american american novelists
emily_smith_:author	21st-century women novelists
philippe_béha	canadian people
rebecca_solnit	american women
anselmo_suárez_y_romero	guatemalan novelists
beno_zupančič	slovenian deaths
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
bill_kaysing	american births
regina_corrado	american television writers
amanda_mckittrick_ros	19th-century births
mary_hobson	english births
orson_spencer	american from
ameer_idreis	canadian canadian novelists
anne_coventry,_countess_of_coventry_:1673-1763	people women writers
fariba_vafi	iranian births
mia_couto	20th-century short
eric_chappell	year of birth
ginia_bellafante	american from
abena_busia	20th-century women writers
anne_degrace	21st-century women writers
rené_galand	french births
nanda_hangkhim	living people
polina_suslova	russian russian
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
dewi_lestari	indonesian births
ahmet_zappa	american male
andrew_sabiston	canadian from
olen_steinhauer	american american novelists
apache_indian	bangladeshi male
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
denis_gifford	british writers
elizabeth_enright	american from
harjeet_atwal	indian indian
anne_rundle	20th-century romantic fiction
michael_j._bird	british births
brett_halliday	american american
harry_browne	american from
acharya_chatursen_shastri	20th-century male
rachel_manley	canadian women writers
noelle_valdivia	american of birth
fremont_rider	american from
robert_bloch	american american novelists
christopher_priest_:comics	american comics
daniel_abraham_:author	american american novelists
gilbert_lawford_dalton	british of
peter_weiss	german from
alain_absire	french french
achille_campanile	italian male
george_saunders	american from
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
berta_bojetu	slovenian from
dennis_spooner	english births
diane_fanning	american of novelists
dayton_duncan	american male
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
gore_vidal	american from
graham_swift	english male
c.d.payne	american american novelists
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
helen_van_pelt_wilson	american from
angela_kang	american television writers
muhammad_al-maghut	syrian deaths
raja_rao	indian from
george_tabori	people from
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
nikhil_goyal	american of birth
a.s.king	21st-century women novelists
park_yeonghan	south births
mikhail_artsybashev	russian male
eddie_chuculate	american from
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
alvin_boretz	american from
michael_dooney	american of birth
ann_marcus	american from
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
olivier_cadiot	french french
birgit_zotz	mexican births
rasheed_ahmad_siddiqui	recipients from
daniel_lyons	american people
ritam_chowdhury	living people
olaus_magnus	16th-century deaths
paul_guimard	20th-century french novelists
george_urban	people deaths
aqeel_abbas_jafari	pakistani births
bruce_kalish	american television
octavio_paz	mexican women
eric_kripke	american television
c.j.stevens	american american
peter_morgan	english of
david_patrick_:writer	people births
gary_myers_:writer	american american short
erik_honoré	norwegian births
hubert_harrison	american of
maria_agnès_ribera_garau	19th-century women writers
harry_sinclair_drago	american from
alfred_jarry	french french
alois_hotschnig	20th-century short
emily_arnold_mccully	american from
flannery_o'connor	american american
amber_dawn	21st-century women
carl_muller	south lankan
nick_bertozzi	american comics
brian_burland	people births
charles_allen_:writer	british births
benjamin_braidley	english deaths
billy_hayes_:writer	american births
david_fury	american television
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
betty_roland	australian women
paul_glennon	canadian canadian novelists
martina_cole	english births
guillermo_meneses	venezuelan births
mu_shiying	20th-century from
nikolai_zlatovratsky	imperial russian
aquiles_nazoa	venezuelan from
abrar_alvi	indian film directors
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
heinz_knobloch	german from
mark_blagrave	canadian canadian novelists
glenn_o'brien	american of
angelika_schrobsdorff	german german
elizabeth_graver	21st-century american novelists
margo_glantz	mexican women
daniel_oster	french births
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
maria_elizabetha_jacson	19th-century women writers
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
bill_james	american from
frances_stead_sellers	american of
anne_mackenzie_:writer	year of
pam_veasey	american television writers
nikolai_virta	russian male
espen_klouman_høiner	norwegian from
miruna_runcan	romanian births
martín_caparrós	argentine births
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
craig_hinton	20th-century short
mitch_berman	american american novelists
oralkhan_bokeev	people deaths
barry_johnston_:writer	english births
grant_morrison	people of
himansu_sekhar_fatesingh	himansu births is
andrej_hieng	slovenian from
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
bhisham_sahni	indian from
doug_naylor	english of
deborah_kimmett	21st-century women novelists
cary_lu	american births
mike_albo	american from
donald_j.sobol	american from
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
mort_todd	living people
mike_resnick	american american novelists
derek_kirk_kim	american from
pat_condell	english educated
marta_kauffman	american male
marie_joseph	20th-century romantic novelists
mark_rowlands	british writers
richard_bartle	british people
alfredo_seiferheld	male births
paula_fox	american women novelists
margi_preus	american women writers
charlotte_gordon	american women
abul_asad	bangladeshi births
michael_herr	american from
djuna_barnes	american american
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
pat_condell	english educated
dionis_bubani	albanian albanian
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
alice_macgowan	american american novelists
bárður_oskarsson	south births
amiri_baraka	american from
alois_hotschnig	20th-century short
rafael_arévalo_martínez	guatemalan women
ali_mohammad_afghani	iranian births
alfred_jarry	french french
fyodor_berezin	people of
mickey_z	american from
goran_vojnović	slovenian from
giulio_cogni	italian male
david_whitaker_:screenwriter	english births
ginger_wadsworth	american women writers
nazir_ahmad_dehlvi	indian from
pete_moore_:science_writer	living people
eva_strittmatter	german women writers
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
holly_black	american women novelists
elvia_ardalani	mexican births
alistair_paterson	new zealand
abdullah_abdul_kadir	malaysian writers
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
alan_coleman	australian births
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
barbu_ștefănescu_delavrancea	romanian from
anna_radius_zuccari	italian births
nancy_werlin	american women novelists
philip_k._dick	american american
angel_cruchaga_santa_maría	american deaths
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
emily_holton	canadian canadian
benedict_kiely	irish irish
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
alexander_stepanovich_yakovlev	russian male
daniel_handler	american male
herbert_meier	people of
mohammad-reza_mahdavi_kani	people from
frederic_m.hudson	american of birth
angus_donald	21st-century of novelists
aileen_fisher	american from
narinder_singh_kapoor	living people
gustav_wied	male male
ernest_gébler	irish from
alison_hume	year women writers
amelia_e.johnson	american women novelists
djuna_barnes	american american
greg_daniels	american television
guy_andrews	people of
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
allan_zullo	american of birth
rob_worley	american from
david_yurkovich	american births
guillermo_meneses	venezuelan births
mullapudi_venkata_ramana	indian writers
ben_stein	american male
dorothy_macardle	irish deaths
myrna_dey	canadian women novelists
mojca_kumerdej	slovenian women
rachapalem_chandrasekhara_reddy	living writers
herbert_kenwith	american births
ramalho_ortigão	people births
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
francis_seow	singaporean of
pu_songling	iranian from
arthur_bernard_lewis	american television
nathanaël	canadian women novelists
mitch_berman	american american novelists
gertrude_barrows_bennett	american american fiction
phyllis_chesler	american from
crescenzo_alatri	italian italian
meghan_o'rourke	american women
nora_bossong	german women
daniel_t.thomsen	american television birth
emma_haché	canadian canadian novelists
hanna_rambe	indonesian births
richard_mccann	american from
robert_svoboda	american from
alethea_kontis	american women novelists
ratnakar_matkari	indian film
melchior_lengyel	hungarian dramatists
ginn_hale	american american short
allegra_huston	english from
richard_cobbold	english deaths
charlotte_brown_:producer	american television writers
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
george_anania	romanian novelists
rajan_mukarung	burmese from
michael_christie_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
delwar_hussain	alumni of
aluri_chakrapani	telugu births
elizabeth_oldfield	year of birth missing
ed_husain	british of
christopher_frey	german from
michael_shermer	american from
alan_mckenzie	year comics
michael_d._ratner	american births
candy_dawson_boyd	american from
christopher_paul_curtis	american from novelists
olle_adolphson	swedish from
matt_jones_:writer	living people
elizabeth_laime	american from
gail_palmer	american births
rachel_shabi	british births
colleen_gleason	american women novelists
maria_koleva	french births
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
ram_sarup_ankhi	indian from
dumitru_matcovschi	moldovan writers
francis_payne_:author	australian short
philip_tinari	american people
dick_king-smith	english of
colin_beavan	american births
mehmed_kapetanović	bosnia and herzegovina
pierrette_fleutiaux	french women writers
george_saunders	american from
per_hohle	norwegian births
rené_lapierre	canadian canadian novelists
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
mai_neng_moua	american j. is is an american writer writer and and
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
nat_powers	living people
farhad_mazhar	bangladeshi of
alan_lee_:cricket_writer	british births
cynthia_harrod-eagles	21st-century women novelists
ignacio_ramírez	austrian deaths
dmytro_dontsov	ukrainian deaths
eyvind_johnson	swedish from
christy_brown	irish deaths
erica_johnson_debeljak	american american
barry_took	english educated
allan_chappelow	people of
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
denis_gifford	british writers
rob_lotterstein	american of writers
barbara_paul	american american novelists
birendra_kumar_bhattacharya	indian from
ben_moor_:writer	english male
holly_lang	american of birth
gavin_james_bower	english births
ernesto_sabato	argentine births
peter_lovesey	english short
doris_e.smith	20th-century women writers
david_sweetman	20th-century from
carl_otto_nordensvan	people births
heinz_knobloch	german from
philip_k._dick	american american
blanche_mcmanus	american american writers
elie_wiesel	american american
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
fanny_parkes	people births
pavel_řezníček	argentine births
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
mulk_raj_anand	indian of
darren_greer	canadian from
andrew_weiner	canadian from writers
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
musa_haji_ismail_galal	indonesian deaths
clay_fulks	american deaths
david_crane_:producer	american from
chingiz_abdullayev	people from
minna_canth	19th-century women
maría_lejárraga	polish male
hubert_mingarelli	french births
paul_genesse	american american
george_egerton	irish women
maxine_mcarthur	21st-century women writers
alejandro_pérez_lugín	spanish male
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
michael_nugent	irish people
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
robert_mccloskey	american from
anatoly_kasheida	ukrainian from
esther_rochon	canadian women novelists
dr.balakrishnan	indian film
richard_goodman_:writer	american from
mike_resnick	american american novelists
robert_byron	people of
heinz_knobloch	german from
franz_borkenau	austrian deaths
bert_salzman	american film
francine_prose	american american novelists
greg_bear	american american novelists
elizabeth_post	american from
may_byron	english women
rené_daumal	french french
henri_jeanson	french male
dmitry_bykov	russian writers
hava_volovich	russian writers
mullapudi_venkata_ramana	indian writers
c.j.sansom	british of
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
barry_michael_harman	american from
e.v.krishna_pillai	indian from
charles-ferdinand_ramuz	people from
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
coleman_jacoby	american from
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
georges_simenon	20th-century from
elsie_johansson	swedish women
donna_kossy	american women
felix_c.gotschalk	american american novelists
daniel_handler	american male
clotilde_de_vaux	19th-century women writers
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
maria_mutch	canadian canadian novelists
howard_junker	american from
annejet_van_der_zijl	20th-century women writers
gore_vidal	american from
namini_subrahmanyam_naidu	living people
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
raja_rao	indian from
brian_trueman	british television
hortense_calisher	american american
catherine_jinks	australian children's
pedro_balmaceda	ecuadorian deaths
frank_key	year of birth
francisco_laguna_correa	american births
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
gregor_collins	american from
norma_k._hemming	20th-century women writers
george_william_curtis	american american
cea_sunrise_person	canadian from
colin_dexter	english of
i.dragoslav	romanian short
omar_ibn_said	american from
evelyn_m.richardson	canadian women novelists
patricia_breen	american television writers
desa_muck	slovenian from
mike_smithson_:politics	people of
edwin_cerio	italian italian
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
david_icke	english of
helie_lee	american of of
eugene_george_key	american american novelists
mark_sable	american comics
eleanor_millard	canadian canadian short
renee_roszel	21st-century women novelists
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
paul_b._preciado	lgbt writers
eudora_welty	american american
gil_filar	canadian canadian novelists
carol_bruneau	canadian women novelists
baldev_mishra	telugu writers
brentley_frazer	australian from
patricia_matthews	20th-century women novelists
alan_moore	english births
alexander_jablokov	american american short
howard_overman	year of birth missing
christopher_levett	english deaths
elizabeth_hoy	people romantic birth missing
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
abdukadir_osman	year of
melanie_guile	australian children's
božena_němcová	austrian women
maximilian_böttcher	german deaths
howard_gordon	american television
claude_cariguel	french french novelists
bradley_bell	american television
g.p.rajarathnam	indian writers
federico_hernández_de_león	guatemalan births
david_crouse	american short
matt_wagner	american comics
martín_hahn	croatian births
georges_baal	hungarian from
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
gus_tf_sakai	indonesian births
nileena_abraham	indian from
alethea_kontis	american women novelists
henry_poulaille	french deaths
harry_browne	american from
margaret_mazzantini	italian births
brian_mcnaughton	american american novelists
chōhei_kambayashi	japanese japanese
helen_conrad	american women novelists
ali_smith	20th-century of
gore_vidal	american from
emiliano_reali	italian male
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
birendra_kumar_bhattacharya	indian from
michael_szameit	italian male
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
helen_m.roberts	american from
nigar_rafibeyli	azerbaijani novelists
harriet_elizabeth_prescott_spofford	american american
daniel_galera	brazilian novelists
peter_weiss	german from
nancy_kress	american american novelists
arthur_c.clarke	english from
chester_himes	american from
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
meir_shalev	israeli births
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
pagu	brazilian women
andrea_bajani	italian births
florjan_lipuš	slovenian from
ernie_hart	american comics
alexandra_sviridova	russian women writers
emmanuèle_bernheim	french french writers
mary_jo_foley	american bloggers
ernest_thayer	american from
george_nafziger	american from
arthur_morrison	english english
charles_moseley_:writer	people of
carl_wilhelm_böttiger	swedish swedish
ian_rogers_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
ann_donahue	american of writers
giuseppe_berto	italian italian
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
michael_shermer	american from
michael_lisicky	american from
bill_brittain	american american novelists
reşat_ekrem_koçu	turkish deaths
ari_berk	american american novelists
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
michitsuna_no_haha	10th-century births
antoni_bohdziewicz	israeli deaths
ana_maría_shua	argentine women
george_tabori	people from
carol_bruneau	canadian women novelists
michel_désautels	canadian canadian novelists
donna_jo_napoli	american women novelists
max_allan_collins	american american novelists
norberto_romualdez	people writers
mary_maclane	canadian women
paul_di_filippo	american american short
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
angelika_schrobsdorff	german german
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
andrievs_niedra	latvian births
normando_hernández_gonzález	living people
g.f.zaimis	american women
anne_douglas_sedgwick	20th-century women writers
rasheed_amjad	people births
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
nikolai_starikov	russian writers
mary_francis_shura	american women novelists
marion_halligan	australian women writers
peter_morgan	english of
bertrand_besigye	norwegian norwegian
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
adèle_geras	20th-century women novelists
homen_borgohain	indian from
monika_van_paemel	belgian women
dan_kieran	british births
richard_gwyn_:welsh_writer	british writers
dimitrije_kantakuzin	15th-century of
greye_la_spina	american american short
geneviève_billette	canadian canadian novelists
chris_bachelder	american from
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
edward_maitland	english deaths
orde_m._coombs	american from
charlotte_link	german women
erica_james	20th-century women novelists
olha_kobylianska	ukrainian from
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
margaret_maron	american women novelists
qudrat_ullah_shahab	pakistani of
eugene_george_key	american american novelists
myriam_francois-cerrah	living people writers
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
helie_lee	american of of
hermann_kant	german of
bhaskar_sunkara	american of
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
evelyn_beatrice_hall	19th-century women writers
david_j.mitchell	canadian from
rainer_langhans	living people
alberto_bevilacqua	italian italian
eyvind_johnson	swedish from
frank_c.matthews	american from
motilal_jotwani	indian writers
fred_uhlman	people writers
robert_kanigher	american comics
aleksandrs_grīns	latvian births
phillip_frazer	american births
colin_mcnaughton	english of
elspeth_cameron	canadian from
michael_angeli	american television writers
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
elizabeth_julia_hasell	people women
pamela_aidan	21st-century women novelists
margaret_strickland	people deaths
avasarala_ramakrishna_rao	indian indian
alice_bailey	english deaths
max_zimmering	german male
george_william_johnson_:writer	english deaths
friedrich_märker	german from
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
garrett_fort	american male novelists
fedja_isović	bosnia and herzegovina
nikolai_virta	russian male
michael_carroll_:author	living women
bill_congreve	year of birth missing living
francine_prose	american american novelists
guðbergur_bergsson	norwegian births
countess_dash	french french writers
arthur_c.clarke	english from
derek_haas	american male
ian_mcfadyen	australian television
fedja_isović	bosnia and herzegovina
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
dattaram_maruti_mirasdar	indian writers
david_crane_:producer	american from
nick_twinamatsiko	ugandan women
hermann_hager	german births
orlando_wells	english male
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
hannah_more	english women
gonzalo_argote_de_molina	spanish births
emily_underdown	english women
alasdair_gray	british of
andrew_pepoy	american comics
arvède_barine	french deaths
bernie_s.siegel	american from
gail_simone	american comics
dorothy_allison	american women
grace_mann_brown	american deaths
alain_absire	french french
eryue_he	pakistani births
charles-jean-françois_hénault	french deaths
mons_lie_:writer	20th-century short
horace_mccoy	american from
peter_rühmkorf	german from
chen_maiping	20th-century short
ian_mchugh	australian of writers
nuala_ní_chonchúir	irish women
colin_wilson	english english
desmond_fennell	21st-century from
hans_ehrenbaum-degele	german deaths
carol_emshwiller	american american short
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
alec_berg	american of writers
arnold_drake	american comics
chitti_:writer	indian writers
ian_mckay_:writer	british of
mimi_leahey	american television writers
ernest_thayer	american from
arthur_arnould	french deaths
dionis_bubani	albanian albanian
gary_demar	american from writers
ana_tena	spanish women writers
elizabeth_graver	21st-century american novelists
george_eckstein	american television
miriam_toews	canadian from
matt_de_la_peña	american of novelists
glyn_moody	year of birth missing
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
punaloor_balan	indian from
rob_williams_:comics	living of birth
marie_fox	people deaths
harold_brodkey	american from
doina_ruști	romanian novelists
edle_hartmann	norwegian deaths
maria_benedita_bormann	brazilian women
giovanni_testori	italian male
andré_bjerke	norwegian norwegian
meeka_walsh	canadian canadian novelists
chandra_prasad_saikia	indian from
nan_ryan	21st-century women novelists
martha_blum	canadian women
margaret_sweatman	canadian from
maud_newton	american women
richard_mccann	american from
barbara_margaret_trimble	20th-century women novelists
p._balachandran	indian male
arthur_c.clarke	english from
paul_e_cooley	american american short
fazlur_rahman_faridi	people deaths
alexandre_dumas	french french
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
brenda_chapman	american film
r._s._mugali	indian from
bonnie_bowman	21st-century women novelists
gertrude_bell	english of
michael_fleisher	american comics
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
christiane_rochefort	french women writers
august_mälk	estonian deaths
giovanni_antonio_palazzo	year of death
nathan_thrall	american from
melissa_plaut	american of is
algernon_blackwood	english of
matthew_quick	american from novelists
robert_eagle_:filmmaker	british births
benjamin_zephaniah	english births
petar_stapov	people deaths
christopher_turner	british of
camille_lemonnier	belgian deaths
alan_wrigley	australian of
alexander_grin	russian male
bhalchandra_nemade	indian writers
giorgio_pressburger	italian male
peter_brash	american television writers
meridel_le_sueur	american women
michealene_risley	american births
michael_g._coney	20th-century births novelists
antonio_moresco	italian italian
camilo_venegas	cameroonian births
dennis_denisoff	canadian from
mir-jam	20th-century novelists
dinanath_gopal_tendulkar	indian writers
amina_mama	21st-century of
mieko_kanai	japanese births
melina_marchetta	australian children's
chen_maiping	20th-century short
allegra_huston	english from
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
robert_clark_young	american male
dominique_de_roux	french births
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
greg_egan	australian from
mercy_otis_warren	american american
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
agnes_mary_frances_duclaux	english women
melissa_panarello	italian people
bob_haney	american age
mercè_foradada	living people
pedro_barrantes	valencian from
helen_hooven_santmyer	american american
g.k.chesterton	english male
guo_jingming	people births
alissa_york	canadian women novelists
mary_lorson	american of birth
alice_chetwynd_ley	english romantic
christina_crawford	american women writers
peter_moore_smith	american of novelists
daniele_bolelli	american male
etta_federn	mexican women
debbie_moon	21st-century women writers
philippe-joseph_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
hisham_matar	american of
peter_pinne	australian births
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
patrick_mccabe_:novelist	irish short
fred_reed	american from
rajanikanta_bordoloi	asom from
ben_dolnick	american from novelists
bodine_boling	american births
brian_priestley	english of
bozorg_alavi	iranian births
george_saunders	american from
polyclès_langlois	19th-century deaths
hagop_oshagan	armenian deaths
agah_efendi	ottoman deaths
d.v.gundappa	indian from
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
emmanuel_bove	french male
bjørn_rønningen	norwegian women writers
aisha_muharrar	american television
morag_joss	21st-century women writers
branko_gradišnik	slovenian from
anne_gregg	people births
mary_lamb	19th-century women
beatrice_lamwaka	ugandan women
andrea_ashworth	english women
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
mark_salzman	american from
marianne_csaky	writers from
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
dan_gillmor	american of
arvind_gokhale	indian writers
frederick_buechner	american from
baratunde_thurston	american from
rebecca_solnit	american women
richard_strange	english male
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
maura_murphy	irish deaths
david_means	american of
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
melissa_harris-perry	american from
ndyakira_amooti	year of
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
hugh_falkus	english educated
miklós_haraszti	slovenian births
charles_dunster	english deaths
desmond_hogan	irish short
pierre_jean_jouve	french french
beau_smith	american comics
harriet_elizabeth_prescott_spofford	american american
christine_whelan	american births
nisi_shawl	american american novelists
cho_seon-jak	south korean
nasir_abbas_nayyar	pakistani births
n.s.madhavan	marc deaths is is a american writer and
michael_j._weithorn	american television
philip_e._tetlock	canadian of
hilton_als	american of
neil_smith_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
richmond_shepard	american births
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
eleanor_clymer	american from
geoffrey_kingscott	british deaths
augusten_burroughs	lgbt from
paz_márquez-benítez	people deaths
piers_brendon	british of
michel_onfray	french french
philippe_soupault	french french
frank_manley	american american
hp_tinker	english births
michel_onfray	french french
paul_kidd	australian short story
david_bezmozgis	canadian from
connie_willis	american american novelists
geling_yan	american people
bob_paris	american from
elin_wägner	swedish women
eldridge_cleaver	american from
daniel-rops	french french
derek_harvie	canadian television
fran_levstik	slovenian deaths
giovanni_verga	italian births
rajkumar_jhalajit_singh	indian of
ng_yi-sheng	singaporean people
rafiq_husain	indian of
alasdair_gray	british of
polly_frost	21st-century american novelists
philip_e._tetlock	canadian of
bill_congreve	year of birth missing living
alison_joseph	21st-century women novelists
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
elsa_joubert	south african
olha_kobylianska	ukrainian from
robbie_morrison	living of birth
frank_tuohy	english male
michel_bibaud	canadian canadian
david_patrick_:writer	people births
henry_baum	american from
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
eliáš_galajda	people writers
henry_lawson	australian women
richard_johnson_:16th_century	people women writers
rajko_perušek	slovenian writers
ni_ko_ye	burmese writers
max_allan_collins	american american novelists
berta_bojetu	slovenian from
eugene_fodor_:writer	american from
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
henry_dumas	american from
andy_merrill	american male
alexander_mazin	russian births
deric_longden	english deaths
gopala_chandra_praharaj	indian from
olha_kobylianska	ukrainian from
nicholas_sparks	american american
hannah_mary_rothschild	english of
elie_wiesel	american american
rené_de_ceccatty	french french novelists
debito_arudou	american from
nasir_abbas_nayyar	pakistani births
asar_eppel	russian short
margaret_randall	american from
norman_lear	american from
candace_fleming	american women writers
charlotte_maria_tucker	19th-century women writers
henri-françois_rey	french male
emily_short	year of birth missing
hajro_ulqinaku	20th-century novelists
mikhail_albov	russian russian
arshavir_shirakian	armenian deaths
ada_jack_carver_snell	american from
alexander_grin	russian male
r.raj_rao	marc j. is an a writer writer and
margaret_powell	english of
frank_moorhouse	australian short
massimo_citi	italian births
mary_de_morgan	19th-century women
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
david_orton_:deep_ecology	canadian from
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
emanuel_litvinoff	english from
mikey_walsh	english births
era_sezhiyan	people births
may_cutler	canadian women
arjun_singh_sethi	american of
miran_jarc	slovenian births
anatoly_kasheida	ukrainian from
alicia_sheridan_lefanu	19th-century women
felipe_mellizo	spanish male
randa_abdel-fattah	australian people
graham_swift	english male
melody_moezzi	american from
cora_taylor	canadian women writers
n_prabhakaran	20th-century male
max_handley	british births
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
daína_chaviano	20th-century women
gregory_keyes	american american novelists
charles_alden_seltzer	american american novelists
elwyn_hartley_edwards	british births
asar_eppel	russian short
eleanor_millard	canadian canadian short
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
nicholas_sparks	american american
guy_n.smith	british births
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
arkady_arkanov	people of
marguerite_poland	south african
delwar_hussain	alumni of
giovanni_verga	italian births
aristide_frémine	19th-century deaths
pascual_h._poblete	belgian writers
michael_moorcock	english science
i.k.k.menon	indian indian
brendan_o'carroll	irish from
naira_gelashvili	people novelists
paula_broadwell	american from
adriaan_van_meerbeeck	portuguese births
eli_clare	american from
peter_simpson_:writer	new of
rene_denfeld	21st-century of writers
r._c._lehmann	people of
cherríe_moraga	american american
a.m.dellamonica	21st-century canadian short
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
chuck_mckenzie	australian short story
pierre_michon	french births
caroline_sascha_cogez	year of birth missing
aleksandrs_grīns	latvian births
danny_baker	english educated
andré_pieyre_de_mandiargues	french french
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
richard_rubin_:writer	american from
rabina_khan	british of
paulette_nardal	20th-century women writers
béatrix_beck	20th-century women
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
rift_fournier	american television
daedalus_howell	american from
arkady_arkanov	people of
peter_morgan	english of
hugh_abercrombie_anderson	canadian from
hildegarde_dolson_lockridge	american women
miloš_mikeln	slovenian from
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
bryan_elsley	british births
richard_leviton	living births
geoffrey_kingscott	british deaths
fahmida_riaz	pakistani of
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
pavel_yakushkin	russian writers
garth_christian	english of
phyllis_a._whitney	american women
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
apache_indian	bangladeshi male
harry_browne	american from
omar_ibn_said	american from
ignaty_potapenko	russian male
ramkumar_mukhopadhyay	indian writers
nikos_perakis	living people
miles_franklin	20th-century women writers
anthony_burgess	english from
albert_cossery	20th-century novelists
melody_moezzi	american from
hagop_oshagan	armenian deaths
charlotte_delbo	20th-century women
nathanaël	canadian women novelists
fergus_bordewich	american births
günther_krupkat	german male
alison_joseph	21st-century women novelists
opal_whiteley	american births
gideon_joubert	south african
mark_pryor_:author	american from
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
renan_demirkan	spanish from
michael_szameit	italian male
mary_kay_zuravleff	american american
gerry_davis_:screenwriter	british births
paulo_setúbal	brazilian births
meghan_o'rourke	american women
alan_sheridan	english births
maura_johnston	american women writers
gary_paulsen	american american novelists
dan_abnett	british of
iain_sinclair	alumni of
charles_barton_:legal_writer	people deaths
curt_goetz	german male
p._n._furbank	people of
pamela_allen	australian from writers
antonio_macías_del_real	year births
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
aonghas_macneacail	scottish births
david_madden_:novelist	american from
eric_van_lustbader	american american novelists
rassundari_devi	bengali writers
maria_lima	american women novelists
alexander_tarasov-rodionov	russian male
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
alan_sillitoe	english short
michele_val_jean	american television writers
henri-françois_rey	french male
nikolai_uspensky	russian russian
franz_gehring	german deaths
anna_de_noailles	french french
mary_eliza_fullerton	australian women writers
frank_key	year of birth
rasheed_amjad	people births
grete_gulbransson	20th-century births writers
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
philip_pullman	english of
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
alexander_neverov	russian male
david_malouf	australian short
nancy_weber	21st-century women
francis_leslie_ashton	20th-century women novelists
nacio_herb_brown	american from
nugroho_notosusanto	people novelists
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
damon_young_:writer	american of
dominik_smole	slovenian novelists
didi_menosi	israeli jews
david_chase	american television
paul_leppin	austrian births
akram_aylisli	azerbaijani azerbaijani
miran_jarc	slovenian births
amber_benson	american women writers
dorothy_sterling	american women
brandon_cronenberg	year of birth missing
max_kruse_:author	german deaths
rob_worley	american from
harland_miller	people births
george_ade	american american
nazir_ahmad_dehlvi	indian from
mitch_horowitz	living people
antonio_pennacchi	italian italian
ally_condie	american women novelists
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
marjorie_van_de_water	20th-century births
edith_bruck	20th-century women
marija_vojskovič	20th-century women
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
alexander_levitov	russian russian
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
boris_aprilov	polish from
debra_anderson	canadian canadian novelists
philippe_langlois	people births
rick_rofihe	canadian canadian novelists
michael_hanlon	people of
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
holley_rubinsky	canadian women novelists
panchu_arunachalam	indian film
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
martin_walser	german from
gavin_james_bower	english births
adrienne_monson	american women novelists
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
george_grigore	romanian births
alain_absire	french french
angeliki_palli	italian italian
mirzadeh_eshghi	people from
edmund_wilson	american from
milo_dor	austrian male
norihiro_yagi	living people
desmond_hogan	irish short
ellis_marcus	american television writers
franco_lucentini	italian births
fred_davis_:entrepreneur	american male
ann_donahue	american of writers
maxim_februari	japanese births
hedwig_courths-mahler	20th-century women writers
emilio_salgari	italian male
blaize_clement	american women novelists
hella_haasse	20th-century women
brian_mcnaughton	american american novelists
orson_spencer	american from
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
federico_gamboa	mexican deaths
gary_tillery	american from
christine_feehan	american women novelists
bill_long_:writer	irish births
boudewijn_büch	dutch deaths
g.a.kulkarni	indian from
ahmad_fuadi	american writers
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
radovan_brenkus	living people
michael_alan_nelson	living people
pete_lacaba	filipino people
paul_teng	living births
camille_de_toledo	french french
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
michael_reaves	american american novelists
robert_elms	english births
paul_e_cooley	american american short
herminio_portell_vilá	puerto deaths
paul_tough	canadian people
musharraf_ali_farooqi	pakistani births
derrick_white_:politician	people of
aurelio_espinosa_pólit	20th-century novelists
c.austin_miles	people deaths
diriye_osman	alumni from
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
michael_kenward	english births
paul_king_:director	living television
george_tofan	romanian from
antón_losada_diéguez	italian writers
robert_of_cricklade	english births
daniel_tammet	english of
dwayne_wayans	american male
debra_anderson	canadian canadian novelists
pyotr_gnedich	russian russian
denys_colomb_de_daunant	french births
fulgencio_argüelles	spanish births
esther_seligson	mexican women
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
charlotte_gordon	american women
alexander_m.phillips	american american short
aurania_rouverol	american women
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
anvita_dutt_guptan	indian from
agnes_strickland	19th-century women
barbara_alberti	italian women
alexander_ross_:writer	people births
andrey_dikiy	russian russian
caleb_crain	american of
hans_noever	german male
gunilla_lundgren	swedish women
antranig_dzarugian	armenian deaths
barry_o'brien	american television
georg_heym	german german
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
gurdial_singh	indian from
peter_applebome	american from
françois_gautier	french male
david_mourão-ferreira	19th-century births
gurdial_singh	indian from
donna_mcfarlane	canadian canadian novelists
mike_butterworth	english births novelists
richard_edmonds_:scientist	people births
hélène_rioux	canadian women
david_icke	english of
mark_hentemann	american television writers
peter_grimwade	british television
e.b.white	american from
andré_nemec	american television
alexis_lichine	people deaths
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
bruce_jones_:comics	american male short
cizia_zykë	french french
matija_mažuranić	19th-century deaths
monica_ali	british women
geoff_ryman	21st-century male novelists
elbert_hubbard	american from
dimitrie_prelipcean	moldovan births
david_carpenter_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
craig_walker_:writer	canadian male
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
chris_broadribb	20th-century women writers
mykhailo_yalovy	ukrainian deaths
dawn_powell	american american
franz_kafka	austrian births
ben_hamper	american from
bryan_edgar_wallace	british births
christina_m.kim	american television birth
margi_preus	american women writers
regina_doman	21st-century women
philippe_de_commines	french male
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
hans_fallada	german deaths
hamid_tamjidi	iranian births
owen_wister	american from
robert_cohen_:writer	canadian of
charles_bucke	english male
arkadiy_belinkov	russian writers
félix_morisseau-leroy	20th-century dramatists
angelo_lo_jacono	italian deaths
eric_rhode	british births
edward_mccourt	canadian from
andrew_mcculloch_:writer_and_actor	people of
michael_ferguson_:director	british television
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
agah_efendi	ottoman deaths
harold_brodkey	american from
melina_marchetta	australian children's
richmond_shepard	american births
pier_vittorio_tondelli	italian italian
ahmed_ismail_samatar	saudi arabian
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
donald_wilson_:writer_and_producer	british births
aluri_chakrapani	telugu births
anne_hampson	year romantic birth missing
bill_brewster_:dj	british writers
mikhail_stasyulevich	russian deaths
claudio_sanchez	american births
morris_beckman_:writer	english births
gary_d.schmidt	american from novelists
rafael_pérez_y_pérez	spanish spanish
maria_isabel_barreno	20th-century women
cezaro_rossetti	scottish of
hagop_oshagan	armenian deaths
hans_weiss_:author	english births
hubert_main	people deaths
deborah_robertson	australian short story
peter_wells_:filmmaker	new of
michael_j._sullivan_:author	american american novelists
charles_montgomery_:writer	canadian from
christopher_hurn	american of birth
giorgio_faletti	italian births
dorit_rabinyan	israeli novelists
donald_j.sobol	american from
c.n.sreekantan_nair	indian male
anne_wingate	american from novelists
mary_mapes_dodge	american women
maurice_champagne	french male
margery_sharp	english women writers
david_rakoff	american american
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
eric_cross_:writer	japanese deaths
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
bjarne_rønning	norwegian births
colin_greenland	english science
mildred_noble	american women
ethan_gross	american of birth
mark_linfield	british births
christina_lauren	american women novelists
alan_sillitoe	english short
elsa_joubert	south african
eliette_abécassis	french women writers
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
cyril_posthumus	marc posthumus was a
colin_wilson	english english
dwight_d'eon	canadian births
rené_balcer	canadian from
matt_tullos	living people
arthur_bernède	20th-century french
nahum_benari	israeli jews
edith_bruck	20th-century women
arthur_bárdos	hungarian male
christianne_meneses_jacobs	american of
gerald_w.page	american american short
heather_donahue	american from
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
alan_bradley_:writer	21st-century from
gary_lachman	american from
evgenia_tur	russian short
frances_parthenope_verney	19th-century women writers
patrick_aleph	american from
arnulfo_trejo	american american
darchhawna	indian from
donna_williams	australian from
peter_david	american from novelists
carol_barbee	american television writers
champat_rai_jain	people births
christopher_levett	english deaths
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
nicolai_costenco	romanian births
dwight_macdonald	american from
ghazaros_aghayan	armenian deaths
matthew_jacobs	living people
guy_lyon_playfair	english births
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
fernanda_eberstadt	21st-century women novelists
megan_ganz	american of birth missing
ningeokuluk_teevee	canadian from
multatuli	dutch deaths
edward_litt_laman_blanchard	english deaths
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
erik_fosnes_hansen	norwegian from
mark_aldanov	russian male
michael_j._tougias	american people
gustavo_álvarez_gardeazábal	chilean births
edward_dicey	english deaths
carlo_emilio_gadda	italian italian
matthieu_ricard	french births
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
curt_goetz	german male
catherine_mavrikakis	canadian canadian novelists
peter_brookesmith	living births
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
allan_sherman	american from
garrett_lerner	american television writers
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
g.b.senanayake	20th-century lankan
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
paula_pell	american television writers
carol_emshwiller	american american short
pinki_virani	indian from
cecil_e.rhode	american from
michael_james_nelson	living people
frankétienne	haitian dramatists
potturi_vijayalakshmi	living people
colin_j.gillespie	australian from
mary_kay_zuravleff	american american
meera_nanda	living women
nicholas_sparks	american american
oktay_rıfat_horozcu	turkish writers
eric_holmes_:videogame_designer	canadian comics is
mile_markovski	people deaths
g.herbert_sallans	canadian canadian novelists
peter_philipp	german german
peter_gould_:writer	american television writers
paul_di_filippo	american american short
dorothy_allison	american women
mirabel_osler	english women writers
edith_ellis	english women
marie-anne_de_roumier-robert	french women writers
mir-jam	20th-century novelists
michel_bibaud	canadian canadian
robert_steven_rhine	american comics
barbara_dawson_smith	21st-century women writers
apache_indian	bangladeshi male
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
maureen_medved	21st-century women novelists
carol_hughes_:author	american women writers
ahmad_a'zam	people births
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
amalie_benjamin	american from
eleanor_clymer	american from
barbara_love	american women writers
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
pracheta_gupta	indian people
abdulla_shaig	ukrainian writers
david_harris_ebenbach	american male novelists
peter_bander_van_duren	german deaths
michael_yon	american from
meera_nanda	living women
peter_gaffney	american people
gisbert_haefs	german women
gunning_s.bedford	american deaths
alex_robinson	american from
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
greye_la_spina	american american short
anil_ghorai	indian from
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
antonio_gallego_gallego	spanish births
carlo_emilio_gadda	italian italian
marti_leimbach	21st-century women novelists
eric_overmyer	american television
al_feldstein	american from
mark_friedman	american births
cho_hae-il	south korean
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
henry_thomas_mackenzie_bell	english deaths
aaron_mcgruder	american from
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
george_eckstein	american television
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
ashwin_sanghi	indian women
pinki_virani	indian from
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
alan_bleasdale	english male
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
carole_bache	american deaths
raif_badawi	saudi arabian
eve_bunting	australian women writers
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
robert_olen_butler	american american
christine_edwards	year of birth missing
matt_granfield	australian births
rachakonda_viswanatha_sastry	indian from
diane_fanning	american of novelists
bill_james	american from
paul_dickson	american from
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
oliva_sabuco	spanish births
andreas_eschbach	italian births
aung_thin	burmese births
eileen_wilks	american women novelists
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
evelyn_waugh	english of
donald_james	british of
mirosław_nahacz	polish male
nikolai_leykin	russian male
gilbert_gerard_:theological_writer	scottish of
dmitry_strelnikov	russian births
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
perrine_leblanc	canadian canadian novelists
frank_schätzing	german births
abubakar_imam	south of
alexander_tarasov-rodionov	russian male
folco_de_baroncelli-javon	french deaths
robert_dean_frisbie	american from
damian_barr	people of
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
atis_kronvalds	people deaths
hans_christian_adamson	american from
peter_hessler	american births
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
alberto_arbasino	italian births
richard_mark_elson	living people
margery_sharp	english women writers
federico_campbell	mexican women
a.j.butcher	british of birth missing
george_chigas	american american
philip_k._dick	american american
alice_dayrell_caldeira_brant	brazilian deaths
melinda_tankard_reist	australian people
eduardo_liendo	croatian births
francis_seow	singaporean of
anatoly_sofronov	recipients of
arthur_frommer	american from
noel_loomis	american from
mohammad_moniruzzaman	bengali of
arthur_dimmock	people births
philip_rosenthal	american television writers
ricky_lo	filipino people
graham_linehan	irish births
matt_kindt	american comics
ann_chamberlin	21st-century women novelists
oscar_saul	american deaths
norman_ward	canadian from
reza_mirkarimi	iranian births
boris_pahor	people of
alberto_fuguet	american births
mario_mendoza_zambrano	colombian short
p._d._james	english of
mildred_ames	american women novelists
anthony_sampson	english of
ahmed_deedat	south african
onat_kutlar	turkish writers
antonio_de_molina	year of birth missing
martha_wells	american american novelists
david_r.george_iii	american american novelists
rebecca_winters	american women novelists
chester_himes	american from
eva_norvind	norwegian women
dudu_aharon	israeli people
norrey_ford	english romantic writers
glendon_swarthout	american american
ray_connolly	british births
anthony_armstrong_:writer	20th-century male
nader_kadhim	living people
milan_kundera	20th-century births
michael_gilbert	british of
angela_narth	canadian children's writers
david_bolchover	british births
hortense_allart	19th-century women writers
henrietta_christian_wright	american children's
abdurrahman_sharafkandi	serbian writers
charles_montgomery_:writer	canadian from
ariel_levy	american american
neal_shusterman	american american novelists
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
christina_lauren	american women novelists
bedhab_banarasi	people of
franklin_d.mcdowell	canadian canadian novelists
helmut_preißler	german women
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
aaron_cohen_:counterterrorist	american births
mulraj_rajda	indian births
douglas_kenney	american from
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
antoinette_henriette_clémence_robert	french french
amanda_lohrey	20th-century women
agnes_nixon	american television
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
alec_sokolow	american television writers
meindert_dejong	american american
naomi_novik	american american novelists
rita_mae_brown	american american
antoine_blondin	french male
harry_winkler_:writer	american television writers
hugh_walters_:author	english deaths
benigna_marie_of_reuss-ebersdorf	portuguese births
malladi_ramakrishna_sastry	people deaths was was a indian writer
mark_mills_:writer	british of
herbert_kuhner	austrian births
ignasi_ribó	spanish writers
minna_canth	19th-century women
desmond_hogan	irish short
p._d._james	english of
pat_murphy_:sports_journalist	british of birth
bill_nuss	place of birth
consuelo_de_sánchez_latour	20th-century women
richard_rodriguez	american from
constantin_stamati	people from
germain-françois_poullain_de_saint-foix	french deaths
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
daphne_clair	20th-century women novelists
peg_lynch	american from
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
balakumaran	indian indian
richard_arès	canadian from
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
adrian_cristobal	people births
mitchell_burgess	american television writers
david_bezmozgis	canadian from
anatoly_sofronov	recipients of
hannah_friedman	american from
gene_levitt	american television
cylin_busby	american of
pinki_virani	indian from
mary_turzillo	21st-century american novelists
arthur_nickson	19th-century births writers
hubert_crackanthorpe	english short
charles_o'conor_:historian	people births
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
pat_caputo	american people
briane_nasimok	australian of is
alvaro_bermejo	spanish births
alana_lowes	australian from
balázs_orbán	people births
grigory_baklanov	russian short
dominique_fernandez	french french
borisav_stanković	serbian deaths
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
michael_dibdin	british of
gilles_leroy	21st-century essayists
gwyn_thomas_:novelist	20th-century short
amelia_e.johnson	american women novelists
frank_d.graham	american of
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
omar_abd_al-kafi	egyptian people
friedrich_märker	german from
anand_mahadevan	canadian from
france_bevk	slovenian from
christophe_honoré	french male
caroline_dale_snedeker	american from
mavis_nicholson	british births
márcio-andré	brazilian births
david_spicer_:writer	year of birth missing
paul_rieckhoff	american from
richard_cumyn	canadian canadian novelists
ekhlasuddin_ahmed	bangladeshi of
nick_spencer	american of birth
andrés_henestrosa	mexican births
bartho_smit	people deaths
robert_maxwell_:writer	scottish births
catherine_yronwode	american from
gary_turbak	year of birth missing
daisy_gardner	american television writers
bruce_vilanch	american from
mitradev_mahanta	indian from
mya_than_tint	burmese births
avdo_karabegović	bosnia and
eraldo_pecci	american fiorentina
heather_lewis_:writer	american american
carlos_noriega_hope	mexican births
fahmida_riaz	pakistani of
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
fred_hando	scottish deaths
polina_suslova	russian russian
martyn_park	australian births
dimitri_vladimirovich_isayev	chuvash deaths
hava_volovich	russian writers
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
oh_kyu-won	south korean
antoine_blondin	french male
raoul_vaneigem	belgian births
pierre_daninos	20th-century french
david_j.bradley	american from
pierre_michon	french births
rajzel_żychlińsky	american american
orson_spencer	american from
marita_fossum	21st-century norwegian novelists
olivier_weber	french french
avasarala_ramakrishna_rao	indian indian
harry_l.symons	canadian canadian novelists
birgitta_trotzig	swedish from
georges_baal	hungarian from
anne_seymour,_countess_of_warwick	16th-century births
maureen_medved	21st-century women novelists
mary_noailles_murfree	american women writers
claire_legrand	american women novelists
harishankar_parsai	indian writers
alphonse_olterdissen	people births
guy_n.smith	british births
mateo_morrison	dominican of
césar_falcón	20th-century births
frederic_m.hudson	american of birth
dave_dameshek	american from
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
michael_conforti	american television writers
catherine_yronwode	american from
miguel_ángel_villar_pinto	spanish births
patrea_smallacombe	australian women writers
alaa_al_aswany	indonesian births
dino_stamatopoulos	american television
michel_rio	french french
basil_wells	american american short
duncan_barrett	english educated
akram_aylisli	azerbaijani azerbaijani
eula_biss	american university
miervaldis_birze	people deaths
matthias_nawrat	german women
alissa_nutting	21st-century of novelists
nev_fountain	english of writers
clara_tschudi	norwegian deaths
daína_chaviano	20th-century women
raquel_verdesoto	ecuadorian deaths
denys_val_baker	english of
fredrika_bremer	swedish swedish
regina_weinreich	living people
hamid_dizdar	bosnia and
michael_barnes_:canadian_author	canadian of
edward_bloor	american american novelists
david_hines	english male
michael_gilbert	british of
nancy_garden	21st-century women writers
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
angela_halgrimson	american of
robert_musil	20th-century women
michael_harris_:editor	canadian canadian
richard_james_gelles	american of
fran_roš	slovenian from
elizabeth_sarnoff	american television writers
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
andré_castelot	french male
pavel_nilin	russian short
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
paul_di_filippo	american american short
colin_butts	year of birth missing
barbara_delinsky	21st-century women novelists
george_harmon_coxe	american american novelists
najat_el_hachmi	spanish births
harold_bell_wright	american from
d'arcy_mcnickle	american american
alissa_nutting	21st-century of novelists
alfred_andersch	german of
nick_bakay	american male
meinolf_finke	german births
musharraf_ali_farooqi	pakistani births
edward_l.youmans	american from
matthew_yglesias	american people
annette_broadrick	american of novelists
gavan_daws	australian of
david_d.levine	american science short
francisco_gonzález_ledesma	spanish women
barbu_ștefănescu_delavrancea	romanian from
eva_strittmatter	german women writers
himani_bannerji	canadian of
mohammed_naseehu_ali	american from
elvia_ardalani	mexican births
patricia_st._john	english deaths
nikolay_karamzin	russian russian
meghan_o'rourke	american women
mildred_d._taylor	american children's
charles_harrington_elster	american male
rashid_jahan	20th-century deaths
cinzia_giorgio	21st-century women
david_benedictus	english births
genevieve_foster	american from
peter_seabrook	english educated
gideon_defoe	british births novelists
rick_ungar	american male
brett_borgen	norwegian women
adolf_fierla	polish from
hannah_more	english women
dilman_dila	ugandan women
elena_chudinova	russian births
richard_bartle	british people
h.warner_munn	american american novelists
andrea_d'angelo	german births
brent_budowsky	american from
geneviève_brisac	french french
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
quincy_coleman_:singer	living people
mohammad_mokhtari_:writer	iranian from
rafael_hertzberg	19th-century deaths
michael_blumlein	american american novelists
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
mark_nuckols	american of
georg_heym	german german
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
anna_seghers	german of
mohamed_driss	british of
gladys_casely-hayford	20th-century women
richard_euringer	german male
chintha_ravi	indian male
mary_elizabeth_mohl	people from
peter_høeg	argentine births
esther_kamatari	21st-century women writers
margaret_maron	american women novelists
mikhail_albov	russian russian
douglas_murray_:author	people of
frank_simoes	indian writers
mary_hennell	19th-century women writers
rafael_garcía_serrano	spanish male
norman_corwin	american male novelists
amiri_baraka	american from
guy_de_maupassant	french french
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
michael_lesy	american births
elspeth_cameron	canadian from
may_byron	english women
nagendra_vijay	living writers
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
danuta_gleed	20th-century women novelists
gleb_uspensky	russian male
heleen_mees	japanese births
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
ante_tomić_:writer	croatian novelists
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
max_domarus	german births
carolyn_hax	american from
murry_hope	english births
betty_friedan	american american
anil_ghorai	indian from
francine_du_plessix_gray	american american
daniel_tammet	english of
rafael_spinola	guatemalan short
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
danny_baker	english educated
margaret_yorke	20th-century births novelists
rawi_hage	canadian women
mohammad_mokhtari_:writer	iranian from
ed_husain	british of
arthur_bernard_lewis	american television
ana_rosa_tornero	bolivian births
poola_tirupati_raju	indian from
michael_alan_nelson	living people
marcela_iacub	manuel iacub is a a writer writer and
herbert_leslie_gee	english births
branislav_crnčević	serbian deaths
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
matt_reeves	american television
angie_abdou	21st-century canadian novelists
margaret_hodges	american from
phil_klay	american from
michael_christie_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
derek_drymon	american male
eriks_ādamsons	20th-century deaths
mike_grell	american comics
graham_salisbury	american from
carmen_covito	italian births
dan_flores	american from
nancy_weber	21st-century women
amalie_benjamin	american from
margaret_yorke	20th-century births novelists
dallas_john_baker	australian short story
min_yu_wai	burmese writers
marilyn_roberts	british of
gary_david_goldberg	american television
fabio_fiallo	dominican republic
agnes_sligh_turnbull	american from
peter_nowalk	american from
odveig_klyve	norwegian norwegian
paul_theroux	american from
guru_prasad_mainali	20th-century novelists
rené_marqués	puerto rican
acharya_chatursen_shastri	20th-century male
erica_messer	american television writers
carole_hayman	english of writers
beth_meacham	american of novelists
necati_cumalı	turkish writers
mohammad_mokhtari_:writer	iranian from
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
a.s.gnanasambandan	indian writers
greg_olear	american from
nick_bertozzi	american comics
grace_hallock	american of death
norman_borisoff	american male novelists
anne_de_la_roche-guilhem	french women writers
dorothy_sterling	american women
heather_nuhfer	american comics
penny_martin	alumni of
nikos_e._politis	serbian of
petru_bogatu	moldovan writers
ochirbatyn_dashbalbar	20th-century deaths
grace_paley	american american
ray_hedges	year of birth
borisav_stanković	serbian deaths
mikhail_albov	russian russian
carl_solomon	american american
desmond_devlin	american male
maryana_marrash	chuvash deaths
reinhold_weege	american television
adèle_geras	20th-century women novelists
anne_wingate	american from novelists
ahlam_mosteghanemi	people births
frank_tuohy	english male
frederick_exley	american from
michael_jecks	21st-century women novelists
elio_vittorini	italian male
bob_ellis	australian from
gyula_hernádi	hungarian male
gillian_mears	australian australian
mary_berry	english educated
marija_vojskovič	20th-century women
robert_spencer_carr	american american short
antonio_alatorre	20th-century from
arun_krushnaji_kamble	indian births
evan_fallenberg	american american
franco_solinas	italian male
norberto_romualdez	people writers
rick_cleveland	american television writers
andrius_tapinas	lithuanian novelists
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
barbara_kesel	american comics
david_albahari	serbian novelists
edward_gorey	american from
dilman_dila	ugandan women
antoinette_jadaone	filipino film directors
nur-eldeen_masalha	living births
evelyn_waugh	english of
filipp_nefyodov	russian deaths
giovanni_verga	italian births
richard_reeves_:american_writer	american people
charlotta_frölich	19th-century births
robert_lopez_:writer	american people writers
peter_tennant	english births
raif_badawi	saudi arabian
deviprasad_dwivedi	indian writers
martin_waddell	australian births
rinki_bhattacharya	indian people
don_payne_:writer	american from
dale_brown	american from
d.v.gundappa	indian from
mark_katzman	american from
herbert_huncke	american from
arthur_c.clarke	english from
mick_jackson_:author	english births
aage_borchgrevink	norwegian norwegian
reinhold_weege	american television
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
daniel_micka	austrian births
gert_prokop	german male
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
quentin_crisp	english male
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
patric_verrone	american from
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
robert_ames_bennet	american american novelists
d.harlan_wilson	american american short
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
hitonari_tsuji	japanese births
h.g.carrillo	american american
angela_bianchini	italian women
mykola_khvylovy	ukrainian deaths
dorothy_scarborough	american from
claude_mckay	people people
araceli_ardón	mexican women
evelyn_waugh	english of
ellis_marcus	american television writers
frank_o'connor	irish deaths
denys_val_baker	english of
brett_borgen	norwegian women
henri_antoine_jules-bois	french deaths
charles_gordon_:journalist	canadian canadian
david_jacobs_:writer	american television writers
francesco_lomonaco	italian births
brian_nankervis	australian television
alex_flinn	american women novelists
margaret_maron	american women novelists
carlo_collodi	italian italian
dave_godfrey	canadian from
rashid_jahan	20th-century deaths
martin_mayer	american people writers
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
ajit_cour	indian writers
mahavir_prasad_dwivedi	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
abdul_aziz_said	american of birth
dale_brown	american from
anatoly_kuznetsov	russian writers
margaret_ashmun	american from
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
anup_bhandari	year of birth missing
frankétienne	haitian dramatists
aurora_levins_morales	american american
clive_barker	lgbt male
dacia_maraini	italian women
hans_kristian_eriksen	norwegian norwegian
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
alice_chetwynd_ley	english romantic
ed_lin	american american short
arthur_arnould	french deaths
andrés_useche	american births
margret_rey	german births
claudio_sanchez	american births
franz_fühmann	german german
mohammad_sharaf-e-alam	indian writers
elias_farkouh	british births
mookonda_poonacha_nitin_kushalappa	living people
christiane_rochefort	french women writers
francis_marrash	ottoman deaths
helyn_hitchcock	year of birth
anatole_broyard	american from
richard_b._spencer	american from
fyodor_stepun	russian deaths
carmen_beltrán	swedish deaths
aline_valek	brazilian women
ian_rankin	british of
mike_leigh	english male
mulk_raj_anand	indian of
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
alexander_macleod_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
florida_friebus	american from
chris_kelly_:writer	american of
perrine_leblanc	canadian canadian novelists
matija_mažuranić	19th-century deaths
boyd_clack	canadian people
helen_hooven_santmyer	american american
mosse_jørgensen	norwegian births
charles_bucke	english male
bernard_rudofsky	people deaths
michael_banim	irish deaths
bret_hart	canadian from
arnold_bennett	english male
devi_prasad_bagrodia	indian writers
christopher_levett	english deaths
naira_gelashvili	people novelists
michel_désautels	canadian canadian novelists
alissa_nutting	21st-century of novelists
derek_blasberg	american from
garry_ryan	canadian canadian novelists
margi_preus	american women writers
herman_miller_:writer	american television
femi_osofisan	south african
florida_friebus	american from
allan_zullo	american of birth
ottar_grepstad	living births
antónio_aurélio_gonçalves	cape verdean
norman_lear	american from
golam_mostofa_:poet	indian from
gail_z.martin	american women novelists
haden_blackman	american comics birth
brynne_chandler	20th-century women novelists
brenda_silsbe	canadian women writers
david_emanuel_wahlberg	american deaths
ben_moor_:writer	english male
philip_k._dick	american american
radomir_konstantinović	20th-century from
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
margaret_mayo_:children's_author	english women writers
chen_danyan	people women
paul_ernst_:german_writer	german male
david_de_vries	australian births
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
boris_pahor	people of
rajiv_rai	indian film
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
ed_vere	people of writers
graça_aranha	brazilian deaths
nince_henry	living people
ernest_delahaye	french french
andy_hamilton_:author	british births
garlieb_merkel	german deaths
chris_mckenna_:writer	american television writers
patrick_califia	american from
dagon_taya	burmese births
david_mourão-ferreira	19th-century births
adam_warren_:comics	american comics
césar_falcón	20th-century births
francesco_scipione,_marchese_di_maffei	italian births
gerald_reece	english of
benjamin_cheever	american american novelists
ignacio_mariscal	austrian deaths
camara_laye	20th-century novelists
henry_marie_brackenridge	american deaths
dorothy_macardle	irish deaths
milly_witkop	german births
oskar_rosenfeld	austrian jews
barbara_baynton	australian women
gwion_hallam	british of is
hans_beimler_:screenwriter	american television writers
era_sezhiyan	people births
dejan_medaković	serbian from
helmut_preißler	german women
michel_butor	french french
frank_key	year of birth
anne_sayre	american women
antonio_alatorre	20th-century from
ravella_venkatarama_rao	indian deaths
reinhold_weege	american television
mik_duffy	new of writers
gabe_hudson	american american novelists
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
melissa_bradshaw	english of
edwin_charles_tubb	20th-century births novelists
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
amiri_baraka	american from
boris_glinsky	russian deaths
brian_mcnaughton	american american novelists
brenda_jagger	20th-century romantic novelists
akiva_schaffer	american male
clara_sereni	italian women
mike_scully	american television writers
dan_vyleta	canadian from
ida_baccini	italian women writers
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
mohammad_sharaf-e-alam	indian writers
mena_calthorpe	australian women
olufemi_terry	people leonean novelists
andrew_davies_:writer	people of
dumitru_matcovschi	moldovan writers
anna_seghers	german of
owen_o'neill	australian of writers
esther_seligson	mexican women
rebecca_winters	american women novelists
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
phil_leslie	american television
meredith_sue_willis	american women novelists
adolph_freiherr_knigge	german deaths
andre_dubus	american american novelists
qais_akbar_omar	american people
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
ellen_anne_hewett	people births
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
edward_r.pease	english of
charles_étienne_brasseur_de_bourbourg	french french
mena_calthorpe	australian women
andrius_tapinas	lithuanian novelists
igiaba_scego	italian women writers
robert_sheaffer	american writers
matt_wayne	american comics
ernesto_tomasini	british male
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
renee_roszel	21st-century women novelists
rafael_pérez_y_pérez	spanish spanish
michael_d._ratner	american births
harvey_pekar	american from
achy_obejas	american american
pilín_león	living births
heinz_knobloch	german from
heather_lewis_:writer	american american
augusto_de_angelis	italian male
margi_preus	american women writers
arnold_bennett	english male
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
bill_mantlo	american comics
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
nanda_hangkhim	living people
alexander_russell_webb	american from
david_zindell	american american novelists
daniel_newman_:academic	british births
bernard_goldberg	american from
helen_weinzweig	canadian canadian novelists
nathan_fielder	canadian from
david_jay_brown	american from novelists
greg_kasavin	american from
montague_haltrecht	english from
paula_broadwell	american from
anasuya_shankar	indian writers
c.k.stead	new zealand
mike_curtis_:writer	american comics
charles-jean-françois_hénault	french deaths
henri_queffélec	french male
henry_jones_:writer	english births
bill_corbett	american male
owen_kildare	american american novelists
martín_solares	mexican women
george_henry_moore_:author	american from
albert_kivikas	estonian deaths
andrei_bitov	russian male
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
maureen_child	21st-century women novelists
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
franklin_d.mcdowell	canadian canadian novelists
richard_reeves_:british_author	british people
chris_lynch	american from novelists
hasnat_abdul_hye	bengali writers
robert_f.young	american male novelists
cameron_stracher	american of
audrey_erskine_lindop	english births novelists
alan_lee_:cricket_writer	british births
p-p_hartnett	21st-century short
c.radhakrishnan	indian male
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
dwight_macdonald	american from
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
min_theinkha	burmese writers
daniil_mordovtsev	russian russian
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
ed_driscoll	american of birth
matt_warburton	american television
imad_rahman	american of
richard_goodman_:writer	american from
edgar_hilsenrath	german german
evgenia_tur	russian short
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
eduard_limonov	russian male
raewyn_alexander	new zealand
dan_flores	american from
richard_ballantine	american births
christopher_oscanyan	american deaths
catherine_yronwode	american from
paulette_nardal	20th-century women writers
fatima_besnaci-lancou	21st-century women writers
alan_sheridan	english births
harold_preece	american from
natsuhiko_kyogoku	japanese births
rabina_khan	british of
r.s.mugali	people deaths was a a
mark_shand	people of
nodar_dumbadze	20th-century novelists
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
david_gaider	canadian game dragons
arleen_paré	canadian women
nabin_chandra_bardoloi	indian from
bruce_vilanch	american from
anna_rozen	french french
amina_adil	burmese deaths
mitch_berman	american american novelists
banine	azerbaijani from
giuliana_morandini	italian italian
florence_ashton_marshall	english deaths
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
michael_levine_:publicist	american from
nikolai_garin-mikhailovsky	russian russian
anne_rundle	20th-century romantic fiction
francis_marrash	ottoman deaths
evelyn_beatrice_hall	19th-century women writers
candace_camp	american women novelists
philip_k._dick	american american
ida_pollock	20th-century women novelists
abel_meeropol	american deaths
arthur_bernède	20th-century french
chris_lawson	australian births
brian_cleeve	irish from
dorothy_ripley	english births
arthur_richman	american from
odd_eidem	norwegian births
oswald_wynd	british of
antoinette_henriette_clémence_robert	french french
megan_morrone	american births
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
caterina_edwards	canadian canadian novelists
d.g.chichester	american comics
mike_mcquay	american american short
geoff_wolinetz	american births is
alfonso_gumucio_dagron	20th-century from
richard_c._meredith	american american short
ernest_kinoy	american from
michael_markowitz	american male
olav_nordrå	norwegian norwegian
peter_david	american from novelists
meeka_walsh	canadian canadian novelists
robert_hettinga	living births
gidugu_venkata_ramamoorty	indian writers
rajesh_vankar	indian writers
dorothy_kilner	19th-century women writers
ewa_białołęcka	21st-century women fiction
panteleimon_romanov	russian short
elie_wiesel	american american
ahmet_zappa	american male
drew_denbaum	american male
olivar_asselin	19th-century deaths
nastaran_akhavan	living people
abed_elrahim_abu_zakrra	20th-century deaths
patrick_white	australian short
marie-sissi_labrèche	canadian canadian novelists
daphne_phelps	british writers
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
daphne_clair	20th-century women novelists
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
alain_leroy_locke	american from
dorothy_mackie_low	20th-century of novelists
august_derleth	american american novelists
neil_smith_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
christiane_koren	norwegian norwegian writers
mehdi_halıcı	turkish births
nick_hurst	living of birth
eldridge_cleaver	american from
andy_bobrow	american television writers
gregory_orfalea	american people
christopher_matthew	people educated
acharya_chatursen_shastri	20th-century male
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
chris_claremont	english births
anna_seghers	german of
anni_swan	finnish women
dennis_spooner	english births
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
fred_reed	american from
matthew_schreuder	australian from
richard_bell_:director	living people
albert_cossery	20th-century novelists
ekalavyan_:novelist	indian male
heather_lewis_:writer	american american
opal_tometi	american of writers
dawn_lambertsen_kelly	american television birth
harry_b.smith	american from
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
charmian_london	american from
benjamin_lebert	german births
milena_nikolova	living births
miguel_mendonca	british births
p._n._oak	indian writers
blanca_de_lizaur	mexican women
nguyễn_ngọc_tư	living people
elyse_gasco	canadian canadian novelists
amelie_fried	german women writers
dayal_padmanabhan	indian film
angelina_muñiz-huberman	mexican women
olen_steinhauer	american american novelists
nathalie_gassel	belgian births
philippe_soupault	french french
gabriella_ambrosio	italian births
rajkumar_jhalajit_singh	indian of
olivia_coolidge	american births
arnold_stadler	german women
diane_ruggiero	american television writers
flora_annie_steel	19th-century short
aslak_dørum	norwegian births
budge_wilson	canadian of
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
nio_joe_lan	indonesian deaths
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
margaret_landon	american from
h.rider_haggard	english male
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
ha_geun-chan	south korean
noelle_stevenson	american of birth
harishankar_parsai	indian writers
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
georges_ribemont-dessaignes	french french
david_small	american from
are_kalvø	norwegian births
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
bob_shaw	20th-century from fiction
bret_hart	canadian from
adam_gopnik	american from
mark_barrowcliffe	english births
arjen_lubach	dutch births
maryse_dubuc	canadian births
martha_stephens	american film
elsie_johansson	swedish women
don_dickinson	canadian canadian novelists
félix_evaristo_mejía	dominican republic
glenn_rockowitz	american from
monica_ali	british women
a.n.krishna_rao	telugu writers
bernice_morgan	canadian women novelists
charles_willeford	american from
peter_tennant	english births
c.d.payne	american american novelists
andrew_kaufman	canadian of birth
harold_bell_wright	american from
gavin_james_bower	english births
helen_darville	australian australian
gwyn_thomas_:novelist	20th-century short
merna_summers	canadian women novelists
mark_clifton	american american novelists
gene_hong	american television writers
feodor_gladkov	russian male
maria_stona	20th-century women
rabina_khan	british of
mike_leigh	english male
evgenia_tur	russian short
bill_conall	canadian canadian
benoît_mouchart	french births
nancy_williams_watt	american television writers
michel_vinaver	french french
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
mark_budz	american american novelists
david_icke	english of
olivier_adam	french french
barry_blitzer	american from
oliver_onions	english male
alexander_stein	russian male
claude_ribbe	french births
evelyn_waugh	english of
david_eick	american of birth
hagar_wilde	american american novelists
pai_hsien-yung	people people
elsie_locke	new zealand
g.p.rajarathnam	indian writers
pracheta_gupta	indian people
agnes_strickland	19th-century women
richard_sharpe_shaver	american american short
ardath_mayhar	american american novelists
robert_palm	living of birth
bjarte_breiteig	norwegian births
orrin_keepnews	american from
naomi_novik	american american novelists
daniel_selvaraj	indian writers
nat_powers	living people
mary_stolz	american women novelists
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
d.j.grothe	american from
matthew_kennedy_:author	american births
robert_padnick	american television writers
henrique_couto	american births
arnold_zweig	german of
fazil_iskander	russian short
iason_athanasiadis	american university
arthur_achleitner	people deaths
michael_jecks	21st-century women novelists
david_docherty	british of
ian_watson_:author	people of novelists
oh_sangwon	south births
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
erich_kulka	austrian deaths
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
aymeric_chauprade	french male
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
hu_yepin	20th-century deaths
andrew_chambliss	american television writers
nellie_campobello	mexican women writers
catherine_seipp	american from
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
brett_harvey_:director	year of birth
dave_godfrey	canadian from
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
benjah	american male
maría_lejárraga	polish male
oliveria_prescott	english deaths
durga_charan_mohanty	indian from
elmer_bendiner	american deaths
al-jahiz	people deaths
dalia_sofer	american of
nigoghos_sarafian	armenian deaths
ed_lin	american american short
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
pat_condell	english educated
nat_benchley	american male
alberto_fuguet	american births
maxime_du_camp	french french
nedžad_ibrišimović	bosnia and
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
richard_mccann	american from
ignacio_ramírez	austrian deaths
gail_vaz-oxlade	canadian from
gardner_fox	american comics
peter_pinne	australian births
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
melissa_schroeder	american women novelists
eva_emery_dye	american american
pinki_virani	indian from
muratsan	armenian deaths
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
hiroshi_ando	japanese births
norman_lowell	living births
eudora_welty	american american
nigel_nicolson	people of
robert_bausch	21st-century american novelists
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
françois_bon	french french novelists
alberto_de_angelis	italian births writers
catherine_yronwode	american from
edgar_valter	people deaths
camilo_venegas	cameroonian births
carol_lee_flinders	american from
robert_saladrigas	catalan people
harry_browne	american from
christopher_frey	german from
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
patrick_cauvin	french french novelists
gerald_vizenor	american american
p._n._furbank	people of
melissa_plaut	american of is
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
besnik_mustafaj	people male
asif_farrukhi	pakistani of
chanida_phaengdara_potter	american from
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
barbara_cooney	american from
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
alan_mitchell_:comics	british of
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
mary_mapes_dodge	american women
audre_lorde	american american
neil_smith_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
catherine_deveny	australian from
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
esme_langley	australian deaths
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
gregory_orfalea	american people
donald_henderson_:writer	year of death
grace_hallock	american of death
antoinette_jadaone	filipino film directors
barry_michael_cooper	american of birth
matthew_sturges	american comics
rita_mae_brown	american american
marie_sophie_schwartz	19th-century births
emanuilo_janković	serbian deaths
alan_booth	english births
michel_basilières	canadian canadian novelists
christopher_rowley	american american novelists
heleen_mees	japanese births
nina_josu	moldovan writers
panchu_arunachalam	indian film
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
philippe_de_commines	french male
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
erik_wolpaw	year of birth
andrew_kaufman	canadian of birth
olivier_cadiot	french french
constancio_c.vigil	argentine births
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
peter_james_:writer	english births
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
eva_strittmatter	german women writers
bogomir_magajna	slovenian births
daniel_le_clerc	people from
courtney_summers	21st-century women novelists
derrick_white_:politician	people of
gerard_stembridge	irish of
atin_bandyopadhyay	bengali writers
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
bill_pronzini	american american novelists
erich_kulka	austrian deaths
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
fred_stenson_:writer	canadian from
petraq_zoto	20th-century short
henry_liu	20th-century from
abrar_alvi	indian film directors
dmitry_grigorovich	russian russian
radovan_brenkus	living people
nega_mezlekia	canadian from
helie_lee	american of of
duarte_barbosa	portuguese births
percival_everett	american american
ikram_akhtar	indian film directors
christina_m.kim	american television birth
mckenzie_wark	living people
natalya_baranskaya	russian short
chigozie_obioma	nigerian nigerian
paula_broadwell	american from
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
henry_j.latham_:writer	year of birth
albert_dorrington	20th-century births
barbara_baynton	australian women
carl_fredrik_engelstad	dutch births
bernard_werber	french french novelists
alain_robbe-grillet	french french
florencio_varela_:writer	albanian male
catherine_hermary-vieille	french women
mercy_otis_warren	american american
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
barton_paul_levenson	american american short
charlotte_gordon	american women
margaret_hodges	american from
christopher_moeller	american from
heather_graham_pozzessere	american women novelists
bret_hart	canadian from
philippe_de_commines	french male
halil_jaçellari	albanian short
aranka_siegal	american women
giannina_braschi	american women
melanie_guile	australian children's
miloš_mikeln	slovenian from
bob_forward	american television writers
ben_sherwood	american from
henry_theodore_tuckerman	american american
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
randa_abdel-fattah	australian people
francine_noël	canadian women novelists
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
reuben_gold_thwaites	american from
balakumaran	indian indian
george_gipe	american male
peter_baker_:author	american of
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
philipp_meyer	american american
edmundo_paz_soldán	american births
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
alexander_goldstein_:writer	russian novelists
philipp_meyer	american american
ashley_bryan	american from
bartho_smit	people deaths
elizabeth_herbert,_baroness_herbert_of_lea	english women writers
arcady_aris	chuvash births
garrett_fort	american male novelists
anne_homer	american women writers
natalie_savage_carlson	american children's
per_erik_hedman	living births
guillermo_morón	venezuelan births
motilal_jotwani	indian writers
nicholas_kollerstrom	british people
franz_borkenau	austrian deaths
himani_bannerji	canadian of
douglas_e.wright	canadian from
debra_evans	american from
mark_clifton	american american novelists
norberto_romualdez	people writers
edith_bruck	20th-century women
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
graham_roland	american of birth
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
alan_e.nourse	american american short
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
charles_étienne_brasseur_de_bourbourg	french french
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
ian_hamilton_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
edgar_wallace	english male
olivar_asselin	19th-century deaths
countess_dash	french french writers
paul_levitz	american comics
pam_conrad	american of
ching_he_huang	british of
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
marieke_hardy	australian births
phil_leslie	american television
abrar_alvi	indian film directors
mary_tate_engels	american of writers
edward_bloor	american american novelists
evan_reilly	american television writers
murry_hope	english births
michel_vinaver	french french
h.d.couzens	american births
norman_corwin	american male novelists
amy_peikoff	american from
ihsan_abdel_quddous	burmese births
carla_desantis_black	american from
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
august_gailit	estonian deaths
adolfo_costa_du_rels	german male
dušan_šarotar	slovenian from
miroslava_duma	russian writers
alain_leroy_locke	american from
robert_eagle_:filmmaker	british births
mary_virginia_carey	american women writers
hwang_sun-won	20th-century births
bruce_pascoe	australian of writers
andrus_kivirähk	venezuelan deaths
guy_hocquenghem	french french
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
michelle_olley	english births
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
robert_r.reilly	american births
carlo_collodi	italian italian
michael_rowe	american television writers
fariba_vafi	iranian births
michael_aitkens	english male
pierre_mertens	belgian births
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
connie_booth	american from
brian_trueman	british television
rajkumar_jhalajit_singh	indian of
alexander_grin	russian male
mouloud_mammeri	people births
ahmad_fuadi	american writers
monique_watteau	20th-century women writers
don_novello	american male
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
alice_macgowan	american american novelists
omar_mouallem	canadian births
multatuli	dutch deaths
francis_seow	singaporean of
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
margaret_bennett_:writer	21st-century of
rachel_kushner	21st-century american novelists
e.m.granger_bennett	canadian canadian novelists
michel_vinaver	french french
dick_king-smith	english of
pier_vittorio_tondelli	italian italian
graham_hurley	english of writers
richard_appel	american from
maureen_jennings	21st-century women writers
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
n._s._madhavan	indian male
gerit_quealy	american from
faaiz_anwar	indian writers
perihan_mağden	turkish people
anna_wheeler_:author	irish women
rashad_haughton	american births
gunnel_vallquist	swedish swedish
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
rafael_reig	spanish people
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
alan_sillitoe	english short
patrick_white	australian short
nguyễn_ngọc_ngạn	canadian from
robert_morace	american births writers
clara_tschudi	norwegian deaths
i.dragoslav	romanian short
alie_ward	american of birth
emma_gad	people deaths
clotilde_de_vaux	19th-century women writers
raja_rao	indian from
daína_chaviano	20th-century women
hans_ehrenbaum-degele	german deaths
carol_j.adams	american from
alan_martin_:writer	year of birth missing
natalie_jane_prior	australian children's
africanus_horton	people births
piri_thomas	american american
robert_olen_butler	american american
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
fanny_parkes	people births
betty_jane_wylie	canadian from
dave_morice	american male
maria_jacquemetton	american television writers
ed_husain	british of
alice_macgowan	american american novelists
martha_blum	canadian women
doris_e.smith	20th-century women writers
atrpet	armenian armenian
rande_gail_brown	american of writers
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
namwali_serpell	american people
gaylord_dubois	american births
david_eddings	american american novelists
peter_seabrook	english educated
cecilia_hae-jin_lee	american of of
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
hans_kristian_eriksen	norwegian norwegian
mihir_sengupta	living writers
george_egerton	irish women
dionis_bubani	albanian albanian
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
henry_rice_:writer	british births
arthur_drews	german deaths
adam_schefter	american from
amber_benson	american women writers
per_ahlmark	swedish of
max_blecher	romanian novelists
dmitry_begichev	russian deaths
michael_gilbert	british of
casey_plett	canadian canadian
abd_allah_ibn_hijazi_al-sharqawi	syrian deaths
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
dan_rhodes	people of
ian_mckay_:writer	british of
maurice_blanchot	french male
minna_canth	19th-century women
henry_marie_brackenridge	american deaths
g.s.amur	indian from
christopher_rowley	american american novelists
claude_faraggi	french births
francisco_laguna_correa	american births
bruno_lasker	american births
ante_kovačić	people deaths
p._sivakami	living writers
gary_indiana	american of
marie_fox	people deaths
eduardo_gonzález_viaña	male novelists
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
margaret_mazzantini	italian births
charles_lamb	english births
donald_j.sobol	american from
margaret_maron	american women novelists
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
robert_clark_young	american male
andre_dubus	american american novelists
edward_mcwade	american male
premchand	indian from
riccardo_calimani	italian births
arthur_kemp	new african
allen_adler	american from
aaron_cohen_:counterterrorist	american births
michael_herr	american from
miervaldis_birze	people deaths
camilla_gibb	21st-century women novelists
felicia_bond	american women
fredrika_bremer	swedish swedish
patrick_mchale_:artist	american male
frank_manley	american american
camille_de_toledo	french french
elwood_ullman	american births
nina_george	german women
edward_dicey	english deaths
christopher_lukas	american television
alexander_russell_webb	american from
george_grigore	romanian births
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
matt_charlton	living of
dinesh_chandra_sen	bengali deaths
nicolás_gómez_dávila	chilean deaths
henri_patin	19th-century french
mary_daheim	american women novelists
guy_hocquenghem	french french
carol_severance	american women novelists
dan_amrich	american from
r.w.bradford	michael j. is was american writer writer and and
cameron_duncan	american from
neil_innes	english births
carol_j.adams	american from
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
michel_butor	french french
astrid_roemer	surinamese births
angela_kang	american television writers
michael_krüger_:writer	german women
henry_winterfeld	american births
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
connie_schultz	american from
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
amos_oz	israeli novelists
dorothy_scarborough	american from
robert_fisk	people of
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
ernie_hart	american comics
adam_radwanski	canadian from
ben_schott	british of
niccolò_tucci	american short
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
duncan_regehr	canadian from
alexander_grin	russian male
patrick_f._mcmanus	american from
ali_smith	20th-century of
rajiva_wijesinha	south of
daniel_oster	french births
evan_lavender-smith	american american
brandon_friedman	american from
mohamed_chafik	living births
christoph_von_schmid	german women
edward_pasewicz	polish deaths
i.dragoslav	romanian short
ben_domenech	american from
david_a.mcintee	21st-century women writers
etienne_leroux	south deaths
daniel_cardoso	living births
harry_hodgkinson_:writer	english of
mary_martha_sherwood	english women writers
carol_lee_flinders	american from
paul_e_cooley	american american short
bill_oakley	american television
eve_bunting	australian women writers
ed_subitzky	american male
rebecca_winters	american women novelists
glen_whitman	american television birth
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
duncan_weller	canadian canadian novelists
gabrielle_lord	australian women
robert_e.thompson	american from
alvaro_bermejo	spanish births
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
derek_benz	american american novelists
alexander_chalmers	british writers
cho_hae-il	south korean
darnell_l.moore	american of
pyun_hye-young	south korean
ben_loory	american births
daniel_galera	brazilian novelists
nicky_moey	singaporean people
chloë_leland	british of birth
mark_millar	british of
benedict_kiely	irish irish
anna_holmes	american of
paul_groussac	french deaths
coleman_jacoby	american from
per_hohle	norwegian births
andy_winter	year of birth
camilla_gibb	21st-century women novelists
matt_wagner	american comics
barbara_faith	american women novelists
g.k.chesterton	english male
francesco_saverio_salfi	italian births
chris_claremont	english births
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
melissa_schroeder	american women novelists
helio_vera	male births
george_caragonne	people births
prabda_yoon	living people
dave_laing	english of
claude_aveline	french french
mark_richard	american from
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
ari_berk	american american novelists
giannina_braschi	american women
azalaïs_d'arbaud	french deaths
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
charles_lamb	english births
gianna_manzini	20th-century women
peggy_payne	american births
ostap_vyshnya	russian writers
antoni_maria_alcover_i_sureda	burmese births
alec_robertson_:music_critic	british of
alex_robinson	american from
grant_faulkner	american of writers
flora_annie_steel	19th-century short
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
otto_manninen	people births
françois-thomas-marie_de_baculard_d'arnaud	french french
federico_gamboa	mexican deaths
dan_shaughnessy	american from
barbara,_lady_stephen	english women writers
michael_t._kaufman	american from
brian_nankervis	australian television
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
nur-eldeen_masalha	living births
alan_dean_foster	american american novelists
h.g.wells	english of
george_jonas	canadian from
bill_scheft	american american novelists
per_jan_ingebrigtsen	norwegian births
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
esther_averill	american women
brian_francis	canadian from
maria_popova	american births
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
george_geary_bennis	19th-century births
abdallah_marrash	people of
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
mato_lovrak	20th-century novelists
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
gabriela_babnik	slovenian from
gardner_fox	american comics
adèle_geras	20th-century women novelists
h.r.percy	canadian male novelists
adam_gopnik	american from
aliaksei_karpiuk	people deaths
marisha_pessl	21st-century american novelists
paula_giddings	american university
donna_williams	australian from
diana_atkinson	canadian women novelists
may_byron	english women
melanmai_ponnusamy	indian writers
fahmida_riaz	pakistani of
pavao_ritter_vitezović	people of
michal_šanda	living writers
francine_noël	canadian women novelists
esme_langley	australian deaths
abdul_aziz_said	american of birth
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
gudlavalleti_chalapati_rao	indian from
patrick_west	british of
hella_haasse	20th-century women
audre_lorde	american american
anna_sakse	chilean women
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
erik_orton	american from
nick_bakay	american male
brynne_chandler	20th-century women novelists
robert_mccrum	english of
george_mcwhirter	canadian from
gegham_ter-karapetian	armenian deaths
b.m.suhara	20th-century women
carlos_ruiz-tagle	chilean deaths
boori_monty_pryor	australian from writers
ayako_fujitani	japanese births
maurice_tillieux	people births
adam_schefter	american from
charles_burleigh_galbreath	american births
aritha_van_herk	canadian canadian novelists
andré_álvares_de_almada	dominican deaths
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
aniceto_dos_reis_gonçalves_viana	people births
giancarlo_magalli	italian births
catherine_buckle	20th-century births
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
christiane_rochefort	french women writers
carol_hughes_:author	american women writers
aaron_paquette	canadian from
michael_moorcock	english science
phillips_lord	american from
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
robert_damon_schneck	year of birth
guido_cervo	italian births
maxence_caron	french french
barbara_kesel	american comics
mark_elliott_:british_author	living births
charles_étienne_brasseur_de_bourbourg	french french
grigory_baklanov	russian short
mark_katzman	american from
han_bi-ya	american people
darcy_frey	american of
courtney_summers	21st-century women novelists
b.v.k.sastry	indian writers
auguste_lorieux	french deaths
gerald_vizenor	american american
rené_daumal	french french
mark_scott_ricketts	american comics
grace_james	english women writers
oskar_rosenfeld	austrian jews
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
alberto_barrera_tyszka	croatian novelists
charles_barton_:legal_writer	people deaths
akif_pirinçci	german from
frederic_m.hudson	american of birth
norihiro_yagi	living people
gita_sahgal	indian from
pearl_s._buck	american from
anna_seghers	german of
nancy_phelan	20th-century women
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
bruce_kalish	american television
arshag_chobanian	armenian deaths
márcio-andré	brazilian births
elsa_kazi	pakistani births
peter_moore_smith	american of novelists
remo_forlani	french male
david_orton_:deep_ecology	canadian from
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
michael_reaves	american american novelists
robert_a.heinlein	american from
federico_de_roberto	italian italian
ian_mclachlan_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
richard_grayson_:writer	american university
pryse_lockhart_gordon	british of
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
mirabel_osler	english women writers
alberto_barrera_tyszka	croatian novelists
claude_joseph_dorat	french births writers
adam_kuckhoff	german german
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
elmer_bendiner	american deaths
park_yeonghan	south births
christopher_story	british of
gideon_defoe	british births novelists
maria_valtorta	german births
christine_edwards	year of birth missing
alberto_de_angelis	italian births writers
howard_chaykin	american from
igiaba_scego	italian women writers
park_jeong-dae	south korean
robbie_branscum	american women
dava_sobel	american of
owen_o'neill	australian of writers
olaus_magnus	16th-century deaths
dorothy_sterling	american women
emerenz_meier	19th-century women
rashad_haughton	american births
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
mieko_kawakami	living births
patrick_mccabe_:novelist	irish short
meridel_le_sueur	american women
fazil_iskander	russian short
chris_stedman	american from
christian_tămaș	romanian births
crystal_wilkinson	american american
christina_crawford	american women writers
frans_johansson	american from
hajra_masroor	pakistani from
eliza_robertson	21st-century women short
paul_levinson	american american
bernard_rudofsky	people deaths
evelyn_m.richardson	canadian women novelists
abdul_hameed_:writer	pakistani from
doug_levitt	american births
gennifer_hutchison	american television writers
pierrette_fleutiaux	french women writers
remi_aubuchon	american births
bernard_werber	french french novelists
michel_onfray	french french
michael_levine_:publicist	american from
robert_frazier_:writer	american science short
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
betty_friedan	american american
paul_teng	living births
nirmal_verma	indian from
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
nick_dear	english male
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
hélène_lenoir	french women writers
gabrielle_lord	australian women
bhudev_mukhopadhyay	bengali from
alekos_sakellarios	croatian novelists
pete_lacaba	filipino people
evadne_price	20th-century women writers
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
andrea_james	american from
paik_gahuim	living births
era_sezhiyan	people births
edith_ellis	english women
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
greg_garrett_:writer	american of
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
david_armand_:author	american male
eyvind_johnson	swedish from
paul_genesse	american american
rafael_reig	spanish people
marley_carib	living births
heidi_w.durrow	american american
bernard_beckett	new births
raif_badawi	saudi arabian
maureen_medved	21st-century women novelists
melissa_lucashenko	australian women
nega_mezlekia	canadian from
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
heike_brandt	german women writers
alexander_kazantsev	russian births
farah_naqvi	bangladeshi people
adel_al-hussain	american births
henry_stephens_salt	english of
frances_paige	21st-century women novelists
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
elsa_triolet	russian women
aaron_cohen_:counterterrorist	american births
philip_e.tetlock	marc chudamani is a a writer writer and
flavio_herrera	guatemalan short
ahmad_baba_al_massufi	people births
erin_levy	american television birth
florinda_donner	american from
rajnarayan_basu	bengali writers
daniel_picouly	french births
maria_mutch	canadian canadian novelists
nicolas_billon	canadian canadian novelists
paul_biegel	dutch deaths
mieko_kawakami	living births
cate_shortland	australian births
eleanor_millard	canadian canadian short
andrus_kivirähk	venezuelan deaths
chris_chantler_:writer	year of birth
raziel_reid	canadian from
ed_brubaker	american comics
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
galina_shergova	recipients of
michael_aitkens	english male
norman_lear	american from
angela_pulvirenti	australian television birth
matthew_tree	english births
femi_osofisan	south african
antonio_tabucchi	italian from
fazil_iskander	russian short
chris_stedman	american from
eva_emery_dye	american american
giddens_ko	people deaths
achy_obejas	american american
marija_vojskovič	20th-century women
megan_williams_:author	canadian women
gerda_weissmann_klein	american american
carol_windley	canadian canadian novelists
arturo_jauretche	argentine essayists
david_bergelson	russian writers
mercer_simpson	people of
gene_wojciechowski	american from
pat_mills	living comics
annette_pehnt	german women
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
alice_priestley	canadian women
f.x.feeney	american births
dave_jeser	american television writers
henry_barham	people births
richard_hakluyt	english deaths
friedrich_von_sallet	german from
david_shore	canadian from
a.m.homes	american american
eustace_budgell	english deaths
minna_canth	19th-century women
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
bernard_assiniwi	canadian from
friedrich_de_la_motte_fouqué	german births
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
doug_naylor	english of
anne_coventry,_countess_of_coventry_:1673-1763	people women writers
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
max_tau	german deaths
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
malati_bedekar	manuel deaths was a a
dejan_medaković	serbian from
andrés_caicedo	male short
richard_levinson	american television
mildred_d._taylor	american children's
robert_poulet	belgian births
daniel_pennac	french french
max_domarus	german births
petr_placák	living births
helena_araújo	21st-century short
giammaria_mazzucchelli	italian deaths
christine_feehan	american women novelists
anna-clara_tidholm	20th-century women writers
donald_goines	american from
antranig_dzarugian	armenian deaths
beverly_swerling	american women novelists
andy_borowitz	american from
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
adam_small_:writer	afrikaans-language of
grigol_robakidze	male dramatists
disappearance_of_susan_walsh	american male
branka_jurca	slovenian from
ann_parker_:writer	american of birth
darrell_schweitzer	american american short
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
geneviève_brisac	french french
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
phyllis_krasilovsky	american from
achille_essebac	french male
darrell_schweitzer	american american short
dean_lorey	american television
mukhtar_shakhanov	living writers
alexander_faulkner_shand	english of
richard_bach	american from
rob_heppler	living people
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
robert_thurman	american from
richard_b._spencer	american from
maxim_februari	japanese births
conrado_nalé_roxlo	argentine male
nancy_french	american women writers
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
george_dicaprio	american births
rené_galand	french births
gerry_conway	american male
georg_heym	german german
halil_jaçellari	albanian short
george_woodcock	canadian from
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
alice_priestley	canadian women
forrest_crissey	american from
gérard_klein	french births fiction
george_gipe	american male
rob_hood	australian births
bollimunta_sivaramakrishna	indian writers
daniel_woodrell	american from novelists
guy_hocquenghem	french french
raghavanka	indian from
marilyn_kaye	living from
achy_obejas	american american
maureen_jennings	21st-century women writers
rhim_ju-yeon	living births
bob_paris	american from
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
fernanda_eberstadt	21st-century women novelists
david_j.schwartz_:motivational_writer	american of
pamela_aidan	21st-century women novelists
pola_gojawiczyńska	polish from
pedro_balmaceda	ecuadorian deaths
mirko_breyer	venezuelan births
azariah_southworth	american from
philip_f.deaver	marc chudamani is an a writer writer and and
a.s.king	21st-century women novelists
francisco_domene	spanish male
borys_antonenko-davydovych	ukrainian deaths
aaron_mcgruder	american from
richmond_shepard	american births
greg_r.fishbone	american male
heather_mcelhatton	american from
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
graham_linehan	irish births
martín_caparrós	argentine births
mohandas_nemishray	living of birth
rob_heppler	living people
paul_theroux	american from
gillian_horvath	american television writers
christopher_levett	english deaths
eulalie_spence	american american
maximilian_kravkov	people deaths
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
meredith_haaf	german women writers
crescenzo_alatri	italian italian
francisco_laguna_correa	american births
hamid_dizdar	bosnia and
nguyễn_ngọc_tư	living people
gish_jen	american short short
dale_smith_:writer	english male
helen_corke	20th-century women
dan_michel_of_northgate	english deaths
gerald_vizenor	american american
giulia_enders	german women writers
andrievs_niedra	latvian births
meagan_mckinney	21st-century women novelists
cristin_o'keefe_aptowicz	american from
max_allan_collins	american american novelists
bill_long_:writer	irish births
hanna_mina	syrian writers
phil_lollar	american births
d.j.grothe	american from
miriam_toews	canadian from
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
phillip_hoose	american from
matt_fraction	american comics
andré-paul_duchâteau	belgian births
errol_fuller	british male
grant_allen	canadian from
elieshi_lema	american people
colin_wilson	english english
mehmed_kapetanović	bosnia and herzegovina
anne_bragance	21st-century women writers
benedict_allen	english of
graham_hancock	british writers
clyde_bruckman	american film
bernard_etxepare	year of
richard_burgin_:writer	american births
michèle_marineau	canadian canadian novelists
piers_brendon	british of
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
pyotr_gnedich	russian russian
dwayne_mcduffie	american comics
brian_plummer	british births
peter_bergman_:comedian	american from
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
dan_amrich	american from
evelyn_e.smith	20th-century women novelists
frank_launder	english births
anton_funtek	slovenian from
gordon_waterman_chaplin	american births
michael_yon	american from
andrej_e.skubic	slovenian from
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
mitch_berman	american american novelists
nell_dixon	women of fiction
agneta_horn	swedish women
miranda_lee	australian women writers
henry_thomas_mackenzie_bell	english deaths
anna_vertua_gentile	italian births
george_dubourg	people births
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
antoine_blondin	french male
dominique_bona	french women
carl_muller	south lankan
cesare_sterbini	italian italian
ragnar_frislid	norwegian norwegian
michael_kumpfmüller	german women
michael_robotham	australian births
richard_arès	canadian from
adolphe_stoeber	people deaths
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
michael_angeli	american television writers
p-p_hartnett	21st-century short
enrique_larreta	argentine births
edward_davies_:celtic	people births
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
adeline_sergeant	english women writers
graham_hancock	british writers
arnold_zweig	german of
neil_druckmann	american comics
christine_angot	french women writers
hjalmar_christensen	19th-century births
h.c.cradock	20th-century women writers
brian_payton	american american novelists
alan_e.nourse	american american short
felix_gilman	english male
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
alan_mak_:director	hong kong
cynthia_ozick	american american
michele_zackheim	21st-century women novelists
mohamed_chafik	living births
deborah_tall	american women
archibald_gordon,_5th_marquess_of_aberdeen_and_temair	british deaths
brad_falchuk	american television writers
mary_butts	english women
harry_cross_:sportswriter	american from
iffat_ara	bangladeshi writers
balduin_möllhausen	german deaths
armand_lunel	french french
christine_feehan	american women novelists
evelyn_waugh	english of
emily_nasrallah	20th-century women
crane_wilbur	american from
gideon_joubert	south african
giulio_cesare_croce	italian italian
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
faridur_reza_sagar	bangladeshi of
constancio_c.vigil	argentine births
donald_james	british of
marv_wolfman	american comics
harvey_pekar	american from
frode_grytten	norwegian births
pierre_decourcelle	french french
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
milly_witkop	german births
pierre_de_jarric	french male
ratnakar_matkari	indian film
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
david_anthony_kraft	american comics
pai_hsien-yung	people people
michael_christie_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
brian_sibley	english births
felicia_skene	19th-century deaths
martha_stephens	american film
graça_aranha	brazilian deaths
per_olof_sundman	people births
rick_spears	american from
edna_mayne_hull	20th-century women novelists
nick_bernardone	american from
myriam_francois-cerrah	living people writers
eugenio_vegas_latapie	spanish births
maximilien_misson	french deaths
a.m.dellamonica	21st-century canadian short
ernest_kinoy	american from
n._mohanan	indian male
christine_brückner	german women
richard_e._kim	american writers
ellie_herman	american television writers
nahum_benari	israeli jews
milan_mirić	croatian novelists
henry_kreisel	canadian male novelists
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
colum_mccann	american from
emerenz_meier	19th-century women
hubert_crackanthorpe	english short
nikolay_haytov	people deaths
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
frank_schätzing	german births
garrett_lerner	american television writers
benjamin_radford	american of birth
richard_zenith	mexican women
david_samuels_:writer	american births
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
mohammed_rateb_al-nabulsi	living writers
diana_hamilton	women romantic fiction
deborah_robertson	australian short story
alix_kates_shulman	21st-century women novelists
maung_htin	burmese births
frank_o'connor	irish deaths
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
pedro_sotillo	venezuelan deaths
márcio-andré	brazilian births
philip_ó_ceallaigh	irish women
anthon_bang	norwegian deaths
dorothy_allison	american women
caroline_anderson_:writer	21st-century women novelists
harriot_eaton_stanton_blatch	american from
mark_weiner	american of writers
christopher_trent	british births
federico_hernández_de_león	guatemalan births
dorit_rabinyan	israeli novelists
michael_j._bird	british births
michael_lent_:writer_and_producer	american male
chris_allen_:author	australian births
alexis_de_veaux	american american
alexander_neverov	russian male
marty_feldman	english male
otto_mainzer	german deaths
armitage_trail	american american novelists
alvin_toffler	american from
myron_sharaf	american of
graham_swift	english male
cleolinda_jones	american from
robert_clark_young	american male
david_eddings	american american novelists
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
george_forrest_:author	american from
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
pierre_decourcelle	french french
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
aqeel_ahmed	english births
antonio_gallego_gallego	spanish births
cathi_unsworth	women women novelists
r._w._bradford	american from
evelyn_waugh	english of
angelina_acuña	20th-century women
francis_stuart	irish deaths
hasan_azizul_huq	bangladeshi of
carlo_emilio_gadda	italian italian
robert_r.reilly	american births
raphaële_bidault-waddington	french people
petru_bogatu	moldovan writers
nev_fountain	english of writers
aline_valek	brazilian women
andrzej_maksymilian_fredro	people deaths
nick_joaquin	belgian births
grace_hallock	american of death
bill_birkett	year of birth missing
ghada_al-samman	syrian writers
elizabeth_post	american from
bob_bendetson	american television writers
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
petina_gappah	australian women
pat_o'shea_:author	irish births
asma_gull_hasan	american of
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
erika_cheetham	english deaths
elizabeth_george_speare	american american novelists
david_szalay	21st-century women novelists
dorothy_fowler	20th-century women writers
hank_chapman	american comics
graham_sleight	english science fiction
alan_b.mcelroy	american male
brian_torrey_scott	people births
bruce_woolley	english births
charles_alden_seltzer	american american novelists
navid_kermani	living births
ela_peroci	slovenian from
angela_pulvirenti	australian television birth
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
matt_silverstein	american television
george_anania	romanian novelists
dan_flores	american from
belinda_jones_:writer	english women
mary_pope_osborne	american women writers
natalie_savage_carlson	american children's
adolph_freiherr_knigge	german deaths
alice_borchardt	american women novelists
paul_mccusker	american from
benjamin_braidley	english deaths
gavin_stamp	english of
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
fremont_rider	american from
giovanni_verga	italian births
carol_emshwiller	american american short
imtiyaz_husain	indian film birth
georgi_pulevski	people deaths
elsie_locke	new zealand
anatoly_kuznetsov	russian writers
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
muzi_epifani	20th-century women
amrit_bhushan_dev_adhikari	asom from
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
ginette_anfousse	canadian women writers
peter_morgan	english of
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
farley_mowat	canadian from
diriye_osman	alumni from
erin_markey	american women
dorothy_allison	american women
elna_baker	american from
daniel_cardoso	living births
frank_s.pepper	british of
miklós_haraszti	slovenian births
robert_rosen_:writer	american people
devon_lehr	american of birth
anna_blaman	20th-century women
alexandre_dumas	french french
ellenor_fenn	19th-century women writers
charlotte_zolotow	american women
dimitri_vladimirovich_isayev	chuvash deaths
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
mary_de_morgan	19th-century women
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
giuseppe_berto	italian italian
evan_solomon	canadian people
brynne_chandler	20th-century women novelists
rajbali_pandey	people writers
mary_berry	english educated
eduard_uspensky	russian male
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
michael_angeli	american television writers
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
claire_legrand	american women novelists
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
nigar_rafibeyli	azerbaijani novelists
nor_sanavongsay	american people
harvey_pekar	american from
anna-clara_tidholm	20th-century women writers
natalie_jane_prior	australian children's
brian_leung_:author	american of
max_tau	german deaths
grigory_baklanov	russian short
douglas_kenney	american from
pat_flower	australian women
nina_arkina	20th-century women writers
andrievs_niedra	latvian births
igor_guberman	russian male
dale_brown	american from
fausta_garavini	italian italian
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
david_milch	american from
rebecca_greer	american women
peter_altenberg	austrian deaths
alphonse_de_châteaubriant	french french
hans_jæger	norwegian deaths
paul_kirchner	american from
richard_edmonds_:scientist	people births
andy_stanton	english of writers
barry_oakley	australian australian
clive_barker	lgbt male
david_chase	american television
elbert_hubbard	american from
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
henri-françois_rey	french male
faranak_margolese	american people
henri_pichette	french french
amanda_lohrey	20th-century women
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
anup_bhandari	year of birth missing
gavin_james_bower	english births
esther_hautzig	american deaths
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
nina_josu	moldovan writers
bettina_von_arnim	german deaths
marty_feldman	english male
gore_vidal	american from
meredith_post	american television writers
devananda_bharali	20th-century from
paco_ignacio_taibo_i	mexican from
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
pierre_morency	canadian from
pietari_päivärinta	finnish births
noelle_valdivia	american of birth
barbara_paul	american american novelists
arjun_basu	canadian canadian novelists
elsie_locke	new zealand
bhisham_sahni	indian from
grace_paley	american american
p._n._oak	indian writers
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
giorgio_van_straten	italian italian
michael_zarnock	american male
otto_rahn	people births
richard_sharpe_shaver	american american short
fahmida_riaz	pakistani of
bozorg_alavi	iranian births
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
perch_proshyan	armenian deaths
opal_tometi	american of writers
philip_k._dick	american american
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
dick_clement	english educated
melchior_lengyel	hungarian dramatists
barbara_baynton	australian women
michèle_laframboise	canadian children's writers
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
pyun_hye-young	south korean
dominique_joseph_garat	french births
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
feodor_gladkov	russian male
marguerite_j._gascoigne	20th-century women novelists
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
agustin_cueva	israeli deaths
alex_haley	american from
chris_sheridan_:writer	american male
c.k.stead	new zealand
matthew_felker	american male
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
brinsley_macnamara	irish deaths
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
catherine_chung	american american novelists
arun_krushnaji_kamble	indian births
george_dubourg	people births
etgar_keret	israeli births
mary_kennedy	irish births
al_feldstein	american from
antonio_serra_:writer	living people
george_turner_:writer	australian science fiction
eileen_wilks	american women novelists
maria_belakhova	russian writers
rami_ollaik	living people
atiq_rahimi	french births
ian_rankin	british of
margaret_larkin	american american
nejc_gazvoda	slovenian from
natasha_walter	living births
ben_yagoda	american from
angela_kang	american television writers
cara_black_:author	21st-century women novelists
giulio_cogni	italian male
marguerite_rawalt	american deaths
rebecca_solnit	american women
belo_cipriani	american american
emma_jane_hogbin	canadian from
anna_seghers	german of
c.dean_andersson	american comics
bill_tomicki	american of birth
david_rakoff	american american
barry_chamish	canadian from
michael_ferguson_:director	british television
martha_rofheart	american women novelists
n._j._crisp	english english
mary_hood	american women novelists
marion_chesney	21st-century women fiction
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
nan_fairbrother	people deaths
rande_gail_brown	american of writers
norma_farber	american women
peter_bergman_:comedian	american from
berton_roueché	american from
marjorie_harris	canadian from
mihir_sengupta	living writers
gwynne_williams	year of birth missing
pierre_de_jarric	french male
funahashi_seiichi	japanese births
arnold_zweig	german of
arun_krushnaji_kamble	indian births
asim_mahmood	pakistani births
esme_langley	australian deaths
robbie_branscum	american women
ahmed_muradbegović	bosnia and
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
mary_hooper_:author	19th-century women writers
anatoly_sofronov	recipients of
neville_cardus	english of
evelyn_waugh	english of
nella_bielski	french french writers
fatima_meer	south african
george_washington_moon	19th-century deaths
don_escudero	people deaths
amos_luzzatto	italian male
alissa_quart	21st-century women
martin_lings	english of
chanida_phaengdara_potter	american from
francis_foster_barham	english births
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
michelle_jerott	21st-century women writers
omar_ibn_said	american from
carl_phillips	american from
ali_el-maak	20th-century deaths
moacyr_scliar	brazilian deaths
namwali_serpell	american people
alan_armstrong	american american novelists
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
camilla_läckberg	21st-century women
paul_theroux	american from
gustavo_gac-artigas	american people
gerard_stembridge	irish of
robert_mccrum	english of
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
danton_remoto	filipino births
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
bob_byrne	year of birth missing
peter_laird	american comics
henrik_pontoppidan	ecuadorian deaths
nagavarma_i	indian from
michael_christie_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
nordahl_rolfsen	norwegian births
d.c.kizhakemuri	indian from
e.m.ashraf	indian from kerala
david_j.schwartz_:motivational_writer	american of
anne_deveson	australian births
francisco_herrera_luque	20th-century novelists
herbert_huncke	american from
gerald_vizenor	american american
dorothy_p.lathrop	american from
clayton_matthews	american american novelists
françois_rabelais	french male
mick_jackson_:author	english births
rafiq_husain	indian of
emilio_carrere	spanish male
edmond_richard_:writer	french births
pero_budmani	serbian serbian
quim_monzó	spanish births
p-p_hartnett	21st-century short
emily_mitchell	21st-century women writers
edmond_hamilton	american comics
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
brian_aldiss	english from
clayton_rawson	american american novelists
pierre_nothomb	belgian from
montague_haltrecht	english from
elizabeth_sarnoff	american television writers
cecilio_acosta	venezuelan deaths
elsa_kazi	pakistani births
alenka_rebula_tuta	slovenian from
brian_jacques	english births
brian_clevinger	american comics
christina_crawford	american women writers
boris_savinkov	russian writers
david_lapham	american comics
anton_van_wilderode	flemish belgian
maximilian_kravkov	people deaths
ridgwell_cullum	20th-century women
marie-jeanne_l'héritier	french women writers
arnold_drake	american comics
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
glenn_gordon_caron	american television writers
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
odveig_klyve	norwegian norwegian
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
erich_loest	german from
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
nina_berberova	russian russian
betty_jane_wylie	canadian from
arthur_dimmock	people births
alexandra_sviridova	russian women writers
elizabeth_thornton	20th-century women novelists
nouritza_matossian	english births
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
goffredo_alessandrini	italian births
coleman_jacoby	american from
mary_eliza_fullerton	australian women writers
mark_hudis	american television writers
gerald_vizenor	american american
matilda_hays	19th-century women
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
donald_k.fry	american of
andra_medea	american women writers
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
gerhard_polt	german male
gabrielle_lord	australian women
richard_burgin_:writer	american births
matthew_condon	australian short
ian_hamilton_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
chuck_philips	american from
phạm_duy_khiêm	german writers
de_lysle_ferree_cass	american american novelists
evelyn_e.smith	20th-century women novelists
antoinette_henriette_clémence_robert	french french
dorothy_black_:novelist	english women novelists
patricia_briggs	21st-century women novelists
david_malouf	australian short
palliyara_sreedharan	living people
eric_kaplan	american from
nathan_shaham	israeli novelists
marguerite_henry	american women novelists
ilo_mitkë_qafëzezi	albanian albanian
carlo_collodi	italian italian
fletcher_pratt	american american novelists
clifford_ball	american male short
pacho_o'donnell	argentine births
daniel_micka	austrian births
evan_solomon	canadian people
iffat_ara	bangladeshi writers
betty_jane_wylie	canadian from
frank_tuohy	english male
maude_kegg	american women writers
adrian_cole_:writer	people births
paul_biegel	dutch deaths
martina_cole	english births
charlie_angus	canadian from
hajro_ulqinaku	20th-century novelists
amy_hempel	american from
al_feldstein	american from
christiane_rochefort	french women writers
garson_kanin	american male novelists
mitradev_mahanta	indian from
marguerite_j._gascoigne	20th-century women novelists
phillip_margolin	american american
rashaan_nall	american male
necati_cumalı	turkish writers
mark_richard	american from
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
debra_spark	american from
angeliki_palli	italian italian
benjamin_taylor_:author	american university
anuraadha_tewari	indian from
barbara_love	american women writers
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
oskar_rosenfeld	austrian jews
rae_bryant	living people writers
bob_paris	american from
andrei_sinyavsky	soviet short
ningeokuluk_teevee	canadian from
elizabeth_herbert,_baroness_herbert_of_lea	english women writers
aquiles_nazoa	venezuelan from
otto_rahn	people births
rachel_shabi	british births
gokulchandra_nag	bengali deaths
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
allie_bates	american women novelists
rafe_champion	australian births
grace_ellery_channing	american american
a.h.weiler	american deaths
amy_sherman-palladino	american television writers
hamlet_bareh	indian from
marley_carib	living births
h.g.wells	english of
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
olaug_løken	norwegian writers
emilio_praga	italian italian
carol_dunlop	canadian from
glenn_ficarra	american of birth
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
arthur_j.rees	1859 births
arnaldur_indriðason	people births
andrea_goldsmith	australian women
barry_liebmann	year of birth missing
alex_kendrick	american male
petar_stapov	people deaths
adel_al-hussain	american births
michael_blumlein	american american novelists
carl_potts	american comics
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
ahmad_bashir	pakistani from
donald_e.westlake	american american novelists
alec_robertson_:music_critic	british of
constantin_werner	german film
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
elías_pino_iturrieta	people births
bess_meredyth	american from
heinz_pototschnig	people deaths
brian_leyden	irish irish
david_eddie	canadian from
bernard_gordon_:writer	american from
dan_morgan_:writer	english births
alex_sheshunoff	american of
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
ramo_nakajima	japanese japanese
mykola_khvylovy	ukrainian deaths
derren_litten	english male
cendrine_wolf	french women writers
arkadiy_belinkov	russian writers
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
breyten_breytenbach	south african
fanny_parkes	people births
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
chōhei_kambayashi	japanese japanese
ernest_buckler	canadian from
herbert_huncke	american from
francesco_albergati_capacelli	italian italian
harry_l.symons	canadian canadian novelists
markar_melkonian	american people
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
carl_fredrik_engelstad	dutch births
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
elie_wiesel	american american
conrado_nalé_roxlo	argentine male
robert_poulet	belgian births
bruce_c.mckenna	american television
alan_wrigley	australian of
panagiotis_kondylis	20th-century writers
nancy_buckingham	living people
g.p.rajarathnam	indian writers
chris_langham	english male
mark_katzman	american from
cynthia_ozick	american american
eve_bunting	australian women writers
richard_johnson_:16th_century	people women writers
edward_dicey	english deaths
brian_andreas	american american
eliette_abécassis	french women writers
chris_kelly_:writer	american of
r._k._narayan	indian from
ela_peroci	slovenian from
debra_evans	american from
harriet_elizabeth_prescott_spofford	american american
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
philip_k.dick	michael j. is is an writer writer and and
andre_jacquemetton	american television writers
frédéric_mistral	19th-century french
dietrich_schwanitz	german births
dr.seuss	american from
aymeric_chauprade	french male
arnold_bennett	english male
paolo_tullio	irish writers
david_n.weiss	american from
matija_mažuranić	19th-century deaths
ricardo_miró	venezuelan deaths
david_farr_:theatre_director	english births
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
eliza_ruhamah_scidmore	american from
donald_shaw_:academic	american deaths
chen_maiping	20th-century short
matt_clark_:writer	american american short
himani_bannerji	canadian of
gene_levitt	american television
alexander_neverov	russian male
anne_sayre	american women
peter_dubé	canadian male novelists
mathoor_krishnamurty	indian of
dan_jurgens	american comics
cristin_o'keefe_aptowicz	american from
bob_schreck	american births
dennis_spooner	english births
gideon_joubert	south african
francesca_duranti	italian women
george_madden_martin	american women novelists
imad_rahman	american of
gore_vidal	american from
christiane_akoua_ekué	french births
richard_cumyn	canadian canadian novelists
günter_wallraff	german births
mehmed_kapetanović	bosnia and herzegovina
giulio_cogni	italian male
božidar_novak	singaporean births
bernard_etxepare	year of
brad_linaweaver	american american novelists
narcís_oller	swedish births
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
andrei_sinyavsky	soviet short
erin_markey	american women
ghada_al-samman	syrian writers
gurdial_singh	indian from
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
edward_fox_:author	american from
huo_da	people births
dave_eggers	american american
elliot_caplin	american births
george_tofan	romanian from
gary_paulsen	american american novelists
robert_l.fish	american american novelists
eugie_foster	american american novelists
abdul_aziz_said	american of birth
donna_andrews_:author	american women novelists
gregg_kavet	american television writers
reidar_thomassen	norwegian norwegian
minna_canth	19th-century women
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
paul_theroux	american from
caroline_healey_dall	american american
denton_welch	english of
halil_jaçellari	albanian short
arthur_kemp	new african
gustaw_przeczek	polish from
eric_tunney	canadian from
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
gerhard_dengler	german from
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
mehrunnisa_parvez	indian women
matias_masucci	italian male
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
carol_lee_flinders	american from
ngan_xuyen	spanish births
miklós_vámos	hungarian from
hasan_azizul_huq	bangladeshi of
mitch_horowitz	living people
martine_broda	french women writers
alie_ward	american of birth
rob_hood	australian births
anne_douglas_sedgwick	20th-century women writers
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
gotthold_gloger	german german
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
rinki_bhattacharya	indian people
norman_rush	american american novelists
george_jonas	canadian from
octavio_paz	mexican women
es'kia_mphahlele	south african
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
marcus_ewert	marc j. is is a writer writer and
boyd_clack	canadian people
bakdi_soemanto	indonesian writers
christophe_honoré	french male
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
hans_joachim_alpers	german births
gérard_de_villiers	french deaths
christy_brown	irish deaths
rachel_shabi	british births
breen_frazier	american television birth
nan_nyunt_swe	burmese births
p.k._parameswaran_nair	people deaths
angel_kyodo_williams	american women
ayi_kwei_armah	american people
r._chudamani	20th-century women
barry_mccrea	irish births
antonio_moresco	italian italian
g.a.kulkarni	indian from
eric_kripke	american television
robert_dean_frisbie	american from
grace_lin	american women writers
nathanaël	canadian women novelists
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
bill_carter	american film directors
bushra_elfadil	pakistani from
diana_e.h.russell	south african
renée_french	american comics
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
eliza_clark_:author	canadian women writers
david_patrick_:writer	people births
graham_hancock	british writers
nobuo_kojima	south births
hanifa_deen	australian births
bruce_vilanch	american from
carol_bruneau	canadian women novelists
pietro_citati	italian italian
phiroz_mehta	people of
quentin_crisp	english male
maria_amelie	living births
marie_fox	people deaths
margot_bennett_:writer	20th-century women fiction
a.igoni_barrett	21st-century short
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
hutton_gibson	american from
nabarun_bhattacharya	indian of
nikolay_nosov	soviet male
christine_feehan	american women novelists
eric_talbot	american comics writers
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
erwin_strittmatter	german of
bhisham_sahni	indian from
ernesto_sabato	argentine births
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
gemma_files	canadian from writers
bharago	indian from
marion_st_john_webb	english women
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
rajaa_al-sanea	living people
deborah_colker	brazilian births
flannery_o'connor	american american
cecil_e.rhode	american from
eduard_uspensky	russian male
marion_bloem	21st-century women
mihail_șerban_:writer	romanian novelists
georges_ista	belgian deaths
garson_kanin	american male novelists
alex_sheshunoff	american of
dorothy_allison	american women
akiva_schaffer	american male
arjun_singh_sethi	american of
gary_tillery	american from
daniil_mordovtsev	russian russian
paul_rohrbach	german births
norvell_w._page	american american short
demetrios_bernardakis	venezuelan births
norman_wong	american of
apuleius	2nd-century romans
amina_mama	21st-century of
chris_kraus_:american_writer	american from
catherine_storr	20th-century women novelists
chaitanya_tamhane	indian film directors
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
mathilde_schjøtt	norwegian norwegian
maria_zhukova	russian russian
paul_zacharia	indian indian
david_wearing	people of
nick_bakay	american male
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
frans_johansson	american from
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
rikard_spets	norwegian people
damion_dietz	american of birth
dr.seuss	american from
holly_black	american women novelists
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
martine_broda	french women writers
octavio_paz	mexican women
bernard_kangro	estonian deaths
enrique_larreta	argentine births
matija_bećković	serbian of
craig_hinton	20th-century short
enrichetta_caracciolo	italian births
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
felicia_skene	19th-century deaths
risto_ahti	mexican writers
cho_hae-il	south korean
clara_ng	saudi births
colin_mcnaughton	english of
nagavarma_i	indian from
bret_hart	canadian from
mithileshwar	living people
michelle_king	american television writers
daniel_sinapius-horčička	slovak births
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
naira_gelashvili	people novelists
aman_nath	indian of
nodar_dumbadze	20th-century novelists
bret_hart	canadian from
eberhard_melchior_:naturalist	german deaths
alcante	people births
rick_husky	american people
paul_biegel	dutch deaths
don_naylor	american from
debi_gliori	21st-century women writers
charles_officer	canadian from
carol_bishop-gwyn	canadian women
dana_johnson	american short
pío_moa	spanish births
adrian_cristobal	people births
christopher_oscanyan	american deaths
h.g.wells	english of
martin_lodewijk	living births
narendra_luther	living births
eudora_welty	american american
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
géza_csáth	hungarian deaths
opal_whiteley	american births
donna_williams	australian from
neal_thompson	living people
colleen_gleason	american women novelists
monica_ali	british women
rafael_barrett	paraguayan deaths
maureen_howard	american american
clara_sereni	italian women
pier_vittorio_tondelli	italian italian
richard_marsland	australian from
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
henry_winterfeld	american births
friedrich_huch	german deaths
evelyn_beatrice_hall	19th-century women writers
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
beatrix_campbell	british of
cash_markman	year of birth
ali_smith	20th-century of
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
ekalavyan_:novelist	indian male
gavin_extence	english male
edward_l.youmans	american from
hugh_sebag-montefiore	british births
michael_j._arlen	american from
amos_tutuola	20th-century births
eric_grissom	hong kong
i.dragoslav	romanian short
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
gregg_easterbrook	american from
penny_petrone	canadian of
claude-françois-xavier_mercier_de_compiègne	french french
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
arabella_edge	21st-century women writers
patrick_lapeyre	french french
manel_de_la_rosa	people of
alan_landsburg	american from
antonio_serra_:writer	living people
gore_vidal	american from
christopher_landon	british births
eliza_robertson	21st-century women short
eshkol_nevo	israeli births
r.g.de_s.wettimuny	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
paul_goma	romanian essayists
ehsan_masood	british of
dan_jurgens	american comics
nikolai_karonin-petropavlovsky	russian male
rick_copp	american from
anthony_berkeley_cox	english of
anthony_armstrong_:writer	20th-century male
george_monbiot	british of
david_l.hough	american of
clem_schouwenaars	belgian deaths
oliva_sabuco	spanish births
eric_de_kuyper	belgian births
amos_tutuola	20th-century births
musharraf_ali_farooqi	pakistani births
barbara_wood	american women novelists
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
eric_kaplan	american from
heinz_politzer	american jews
mary_lavin	irish women
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
reginald_hill	english of
arthur_c.clarke	english from
eugie_foster	american american novelists
allegra_huston	english from
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
cristin_o'keefe_aptowicz	american from
chip_johannessen	american television writers
brad_gooch	american from
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
hamlet_bareh	indian from
farhat_ishtiaq	pakistani births
ardath_mayhar	american american novelists
nikolai_leykin	russian male
paulus_melissus	german deaths
richard_euringer	german male
catherine_seipp	american from
antonio_muñoz_molina	spanish births
ernst_hinterberger	people from
david_nobbs	english educated
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
a.j.butcher	british of birth missing
catherine_yronwode	american from
nora_bossong	german women
arthur_morrison	english english
dominique_fernandez	french french
etgar_keret	israeli births
marguerite_poland	south african
ilana_mercer	canadian of
anne_holmberg	american women novelists
bud_sparhawk	american american short
robert_bernstein_:comics	american comics
elsie_johansson	swedish women
robert_barret	year of birth
nodar_dumbadze	20th-century novelists
henry_clay_lewis	american from
danny_danko	american male
mary_kingsley	19th-century deaths
dmitry_gordon	ukrainian births
mary_brave_bird	american deaths
may_cutler	canadian women
max_kruse_:author	german deaths
chris_cleave	english male
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
cao_xueqin	iranian dynasty
esther_seligson	mexican women
c.k.stead	new zealand
christopher_h.bidmead	people of
bret_hart	canadian from
domingo_del_monte	austrian women
albert_kivikas	estonian deaths
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
edward_dicey	english deaths
gerald_j.tate	irish births writers
gourahari_das	indian from
evelyne_lallemand	french women writers
michaela_angela_davis	american of
bernardo_vega	dominican republic
alphie_mccourt	american from
anthony_burgess	english from
mulk_raj_anand	indian of
pramatha_chaudhuri	bengali deaths
richard_crasta	american male
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
ravi_belagere	living people
erik_orton	american from
patricia_pearson	canadian people
maxim_kalashnikov	russian births
halsted_sullivan	american television writers
marko_vovchok	ukrainian births
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
clive_algar	south african
harlan_greene	american american
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
milovan_vitezović	serbian of
eric_bagger	swedish women
punaloor_balan	indian from
mercy_otis_warren	american american
gillian_mears	australian australian
mark_woods_:sportswriter	living of birth missing
dominic_green_:writer_and_musician	australian births
matthew_graham	living of birth
helen_lilian_shaw	20th-century women writers
celia_thaxter	american american
robert_j.shaw	american television
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
haakon_bugge_mahrt	norwegian norwegian
mridula_garg	indian writers
monica_edwards	20th-century women writers
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
agnes_nixon	american television
corrina_wycoff	american short
claire_mowat	canadian women writers
elizabeth_laime	american from
michael_lind	american from
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
david_friedrichsfeld	german deaths
francesco_albergati_capacelli	italian italian
franklin_d.mcdowell	canadian canadian novelists
geoffrey_hoyle	people of
evan_dunsky	american television writers
mary_ann_kelty	19th-century women writers
pilín_león	living births
alan_booth	english births
brunello_rondi	italian male
allan_chappelow	people of
ragnar_frislid	norwegian norwegian
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
greg_kasavin	american from
aurelio_espinosa_pólit	20th-century novelists
diana_hart	canadian people
antoine-joseph_pernety	french deaths
midori_:author	american from
benudhar_sharma	indian from
mike_penner	american from
david_w.potter	british of
franca_treur	dutch dutch
bernard_noël	french french novelists
dale_carnegie	american from
ali_imam	bangladeshi of
francesco_lomonaco	italian births
may_cutler	canadian women
harry_winkler_:writer	american television writers
deborah_a.miranda	american american
ernest_buckler	canadian from
chiaki_j.konaka	australian births
alan_wellikoff	american of birth
arnold_stadler	german women
guy_gavriel_kay	canadian from
bret_hart	canadian from
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
don_escudero	people deaths
gunvor_hofmo	norwegian women writers
harvey_pekar	american from
christopher_cook_:writer	american male
park_wansuh	south korean
rick_cleveland	american television writers
ameer_idreis	canadian canadian novelists
mitch_silpa	american male
martin_lodewijk	living births
philip_k._dick	american american
h.rider_haggard	english male
miriam_toews	canadian from
qudrat_ullah_shahab	pakistani of
max_gladstone	american american novelists
catherine_mavrikakis	canadian canadian novelists
nikolay_breshko-breshkovsky	russian russian
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
alexandre_del_valle	french people
benjamín_carrión	20th-century deaths
charles_étienne_brasseur_de_bourbourg	french french
niloufar_talebi	american of
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
amiri_baraka	american from
emily_barr	21st-century women writers
richard_b._spencer	american from
paz_márquez-benítez	people deaths
robert_a.heinlein	american from
amy_yamada	japanese births
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
maría_lejárraga	polish male
bruce_helford	american television writers
meri_nana-ama_danquah	living people
darryl_broadfoot	british of birth
barton_paul_levenson	american american short
ann_marcus	american from
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
richard_russell_:dow_theory	american from
ian_david	australian births
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
michael_j._rosen	american male
renate_stendhal	american births
elhadi_adam	people deaths
marie_majerová	20th-century novelists
boris_savinkov	russian writers
mike_reiss	american television writers
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
ayodhya_prasad_upadhyay	indian deaths
daniel_ford_:editor_and_writer	south african writers
pierre_morency	canadian from
bill_coffin	american from
hortense_allart	19th-century women writers
derenik_demirchian	armenian armenian
debra_evans	american from
alvin_toffler	american from
carlos_franqui	brazilian births
alan_sheridan	english births
ian_doescher	american american novelists
gilbert_lawford_dalton	british of
rebecca_skloot	american births writers
greye_la_spina	american american short
mike_carey_:writer	english of
michael_lisicky	american from
robert_j.schwalb	living game
françois_bon	french french novelists
anton_ingolič	slovenian from
amy_sterling_casil	american american short
andrea_heuser	german women
alireza_gholami	iranian births
gail_giles	american of birth
hans_joachim_alpers	german births
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
henry_baum	american from
grace_ellery_channing	american american
ben_sokolowski	year television birth
robert_c.cooper	living people
mona_kent	american women writers
paul_levinson	american american
colin_greenland	english science
raša_papeš	living writers
petro_marko	albanian short
norma_k._hemming	20th-century women writers
rande_gail_brown	american of writers
agnishekhar	indian writers
george_william_johnson_:writer	english deaths
peter_coleman	australian of
e.vasu	indian indian
henry_dumas	american from
alex_haley	american from
nick_dear	english male
richard_reeves_:american_writer	american people
bill_long_:writer	irish births
antonio_muñoz_molina	spanish births
fenton_johnson	american american
charles-olivier_michaud	canadian births
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
dave_singleton	american male
franz_douskey	american american novelists
ramsey_campbell	english english
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
eric_kaplan	american from
bill_brittain	american american novelists
maria_lima	american women novelists
omar_ibn_said	american from
darril_fosty	canadian of
greg_potter	american of writers
mike_mcquay	american american short
ed_husain	british of
david_shore	canadian from
august_gailit	estonian deaths
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
douglas_kenney	american from
radoje_domanović	serbian deaths
michael_reaves	american american novelists
markus_zusak	australian from
blaize_clement	american women novelists
robert_rimmer	american from
eleanor_wachtel	canadian of
ha_seong-ran	south korean
harriott_horry_ravenel	american women
francis_george_fowler	english births
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
david_stevens_:screenwriter	australian births
enid_blyton	20th-century women novelists
henri_jeanson	french male
ginette_mathiot	french deaths
allison_silberberg	american women writers
michael_shermer	american from
ray_kolle	australian of birth
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
mikhail_zagoskin	russian male
michel_rio	french french
christopher_robbins	british births
mary_hartwell_catherwood	american from
eric_van_lustbader	american american novelists
donna_mcfarlane	canadian canadian novelists
rande_gail_brown	american of writers
alvin_toffler	american from
paul_levinson	american american
norman_corwin	american male novelists
rené_boylesve	french deaths
dan_morgan_:writer	english births
david_malouf	australian short
geneviève_brisac	french french
gilles_leroy	21st-century essayists
hervé_bazin	french french
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
connie_schultz	american from
evan_solomon	canadian people
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
mia_couto	20th-century short
adam_gollner	canadian of writers
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
rm_johnson	marc j. is is a writer writer and
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
rachel_lebowitz	canadian women
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
raziel_reid	canadian from
mike_resnick	american american novelists
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
d.harlan_wilson	american american short
alan_cheuse	american american short
elio_vittorini	italian male
meliza_bañales	american women
george_gipe	american male
mark_mills_:writer	british of
david_charles_manners	british writers
patrick_aleph	american from
bob_paris	american from
han_moo-sook	south births
h.ogden_wintermute	american from
agah_efendi	ottoman deaths
günter_wallraff	german births
caroline_healey_dall	american american
david_m.alexander	american american novelists
edmund_wilson	american from
ian_doescher	american american novelists
hertha_pohl	austrian births
maurice_gilliams	people from
henry_miller	american from
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
rafael_arévalo_martínez	guatemalan women
musharraf_ali_farooqi	pakistani births
dwayne_wayans	american male
elizabeth_enright	american from
ranjit_desai	indian from
panagiotis_kondylis	20th-century writers
colin_clark_:filmmaker	english of
harlan_greene	american american
frank_schätzing	german births
paul_merton	english male
igor_mandić	croatian novelists
friedrich_de_la_motte_fouqué	german births
a.sheriff	indian births
derek_clendening	canadian from
edwin_granberry	american from
ben_sherwood	american from
akif_pirinçci	german from
barbara_bloom	american television writers
martin_lodewijk	living births
antonio_segura	people births
meher_ramesh	indian film
audre_lorde	american american
neal_brennan	american television
guo_jingming	people births
harishankar_parsai	indian writers
gopal_mayekar	people writers
igor_guberman	russian male
mitch_berman	american american novelists
gilbert_collard	french male
hermann_broch	austrian deaths
ernesto_sabato	argentine births
petr_placák	living births
patrice_killoffer	french people
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
ernest_hillen	canadian canadian
clara_tschudi	norwegian deaths
david_crouse	american short
rabina_khan	british of
ian_bone_:author	australian births
g.herbert_sallans	canadian canadian novelists
giulio_cogni	italian male
geling_yan	american people
pier_alessandro_paravia	italian births
park_min-gyu	south korean
dorothy_m.cray	20th-century romantic fiction
patrick_aleph	american from
dr.balakrishnan	indian film
rick_rofihe	canadian canadian novelists
aymeric_chauprade	french male
frederick_buechner	american from
michèle_marineau	canadian canadian novelists
adam_kazimierz_czartoryski	recipients of the
diego_de_torres_villarroel	spanish births
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
harry_leslie_smith	english of
david_milch	american from
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
gita_sahgal	indian from
quentin_lee	canadian from
arandzar	ottoman deaths
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
eva_norvind	norwegian women
diane_burroughs	american television writers
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
hilton_als	american of
george_macovescu	romanian from
paul_genesse	american american
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
pinki_virani	indian from
charlotte_delbo	20th-century women
berta_golob	slovenian births
harry_l.symons	canadian canadian novelists
alexander_chee	american of novelists
george_langelaan	irish of
alberto_fuguet	american births
marjorie_celona	21st-century women novelists
anna_sheehan	21st-century women novelists
martin_andersen_nexø	danish births
edward_lewes_cutts	english deaths
cora_coralina	brazilian women
germaine_greer	australian from
diana_ossana	american television
daphne_clair	20th-century women novelists
christina_crawford	american women writers
gretel_ehrlich	american american
george_lockhart_:politician	people of
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
debra_spark	american from
nikolai_yut	chuvash deaths
quazi_johirul_islam	living people
michael_scott_:irish_author	irish irish
greg_daniels	american television
angel_kyodo_williams	american women
erika_cheetham	english deaths
pete_moore_:science_writer	living people
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
mookonda_poonacha_nitin_kushalappa	living people
garry_ryan	canadian canadian novelists
mary_hood	american women novelists
franz_borkenau	austrian deaths
edmund_goulding	people film
c.j.henderson	american male
carl_wilhelm_böttiger	swedish swedish
bernard_werber	french french novelists
gene_deweese	american american novelists
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
paulus_melissus	german deaths
algernon_blackwood	english of
alec_berg	american of writers
avasarala_ramakrishna_rao	indian indian
beth_schwartz	american television birth
ali_fida_akram_tozo	year of birth missing
chip_johannessen	american television writers
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
christopher_frey	german from
hiromi_kawakami	japanese births
gavriil_troyepolsky	russian deaths
anatoly_serep	chuvash deaths
ayu_utami	indonesian writers
merho	living births
esther_averill	american women
ida_pollock	20th-century women novelists
agnes_sligh_turnbull	american from
bruce_tulgan	american from
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
aleksandar_hemon	american american
martin_walser	german from
bill_oddie	english educated
mervyn_peake	english from
r._k._narayan	indian from
frédéric_beigbeder	french french
ahmed_mohamed_al-hofi	people of
c.s.chellappa	indian indian
mary_brave_bird	american deaths
helena_cobban	british of
charles_montgomery_:writer	canadian from
orrin_keepnews	american from
margret_rey	german births
fremont_rider	american from
ameen_rihani	american american
colin_butts	year of birth missing
david_j.howe	british writers
gaylord_dubois	american births
abubakar_imam	south of
boleslav_markevich	russian male
marnix_gijsen	flemish from
arno_surminski	german male
chris_gifford_:actor	american television
geoffrey_hoyle	people of
earl_thompson_:author	american from
giannina_braschi	american women
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
ian_frazier	american from
david_carpenter_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
france_herron	american age
david_e.kelley	american television
ignacio_mariscal	austrian deaths
nina_burleigh	american of
matthew_stokoe	living people
raffaele_la_capria	italian italian
george_metcalf_johnson	american from
elbert_hubbard	american from
gopal_mayekar	people writers
igor_mandić	croatian novelists
borisav_stanković	serbian deaths
harut_sassounian	american deaths
christopher_robbins	british births
francis_marrash	ottoman deaths
andré_rouveyre	french deaths
diana_e.h.russell	south african
megan_mayhew_bergman	21st-century women writers
ashley_bryan	american from
barbara_avedon	american television writers
meeka_walsh	canadian canadian novelists
nirmal_verma	indian from
helio_vera	male births
anna_perera	british births
anna_bartlett_warner	american from
nidudavolu_venkatarao	people deaths
cherith_baldry	21st-century women novelists
caroline_leakey	english women
bijan_najdi	iranian short
robert_boswell	american births
hemchandra_barua	asom from
michael_jecks	21st-century women novelists
alan_moore	english births
gustavo_pallicca	italian births
arthur_j.burks	american from
glendon_swarthout	american american
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
mary_berry	english educated
daniele_bolelli	american male
david_e.kelley	american television
hu_lancheng	people deaths
dorothy_malone_:writer	american of death
geoffrey_kingscott	british deaths
maria_louise_pool	american children's writers
antje_rávic_strubel	german women writers
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
meher_ramesh	indian film
david_woodard	american births
damon_lindelof	american television
alexander_goldstein_:writer	russian novelists
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
evan_reilly	american television writers
alice_borchardt	american women novelists
achy_obejas	american american
alan_bleasdale	english male
harvey_pekar	american from
david_crane_:producer	american from
dava_sobel	american of
norbert_blei	american american novelists
michel_rodange	people births
david_mason_:writer	american american
barbara_wood	american women novelists
arturo_ambrogi	20th-century male
avdo_karabegović	bosnia and
patric_verrone	american from
maurice_halperin	american from
abdul_hameed_:writer	pakistani from
cecilio_acosta	venezuelan deaths
amber_benson	american women writers
matthew_berry	american from
alan_pauls	argentine argentine
grace_mann_brown	american deaths
paul_leppin	austrian births
nabin_chandra_bardoloi	indian from
carlo_collodi	italian italian
betty_friedan	american american
charles_phillip_brown	indian writers
david_zuckerman	american television
babette_brown	south african writers
arnold_haultain	scottish births
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
alan_armstrong	american american novelists
henry_gréville	19th-century deaths
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
carol_j.adams	american from
berdy_kerbabayev	people deaths
denis_johnson	american american
nirmal_verma	indian from
adam_gopnik	american from
gore_vidal	american from
agosti_xaho	french births
arto_paasilinna	finnish births
monica_edwards	20th-century women writers
clayton_matthews	american american novelists
anton_funtek	slovenian from
daniel_loxton	canadian births
rajbali_pandey	people writers
douglas_kent_hall	american from
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
mitradev_mahanta	indian from
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
anthony_slide	british births
bajazid_doda	people deaths
paul_zacharia	indian indian
aisha_muharrar	american television
amy_welborn	american from
ian_frazier	american from
cliff_green	australian from
felix_gilman	english male
hilton_als	american of
gyles_brandreth	english of
gene_deweese	american american novelists
may_theilgaard_watts	american women
ian_casocot	people births
brian_francis	canadian from
annamarie_jagose	21st-century women
philip_k._dick	american american
mulraj_rajda	indian births
constantin_werner	german film
annie_vivanti	italian women
brian_andreas	american american
dave_eggers	american american
rachel_abrams	american births
dox_:poet	20th-century deaths
nikos_perakis	living people
harry_hess_reichard	american births
penny_martin	alumni of
g.waldo_dunnington	american from
anahareo	canadian from
gore_vidal	american from
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
dave_godfrey	canadian from
marion_chesney	21st-century women fiction
rich_blomquist	american television
elizabeth_strong_worthington	american women
edward_mccourt	canadian from
eraldo_pecci	american fiorentina
pai_hsien-yung	people people
margret_rey	german births
pietari_päivärinta	finnish births
max_allan_collins	american american novelists
david_docherty	british of
gonzalo_argote_de_molina	spanish births
maurice_bladel	people births
o._henry	american births
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
franklin_d.mcdowell	canadian canadian novelists
alasdair_gray	british of
nancy_holder	american women novelists
rafael_hertzberg	19th-century deaths
raffaele_la_capria	italian italian
božidar_novak	singaporean births
robert_calvert	south african
damian_barr	people of
flannery_o'connor	american american
martha_rofheart	american women novelists
brian_priestley	english of
peter_david	american from novelists
chris_collins_:writer	american television writers
robbie_branscum	american women
david_wolstencroft	british of
emanuilo_janković	serbian deaths
choi_il-nam	south korean
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
phyllis_chesler	american from
naa_someswara	indian people
mary_renault	20th-century from
mary_renault	20th-century from
peter_stursberg	canadian of
michèle_mailhot	canadian canadian novelists
george_elliott_:canadian_writer	20th-century canadian novelists
melinda_hsu_taylor	american of writers
arvède_barine	french deaths
ananda_chandra_agarwala	indian from
beverley_nambozo	21st-century women
colin_mcloughlin	year of is
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
petr_placák	living births
neel_mukherjee_:writer	indian of
drew_karpyshyn	dungeons from dragons
martín_caparrós	argentine births
andayya	indian writers
bryan_j.l.glass	american comics writers
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
carol_matas	canadian women writers
emma_haché	canadian canadian novelists
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
philip_ó_ceallaigh	irish women
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
guillermo_meneses	venezuelan births
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
dorothy_kilner	19th-century women writers
eldridge_cleaver	american from
olle_adolphson	swedish from
mildred_d._taylor	american children's
ashwin_sanghi	indian women
qanate_kurdo	people writers
hannah_mary_rothschild	english of
charles_mudede	american from
deborah_kimmett	21st-century women novelists
punaloor_balan	indian from
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
r._k._narayan	indian from
ed_waters	american male
greg_cox_:writer	american american novelists
elin_wägner	swedish women
rob_gerrand	living people
christiane_akoua_ekué	french births
robert_t.jeschonek	american american short
chirlane_mccray	american of
cynthia_defelice	20th-century women novelists
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
phillips_lord	american from
adam_nevill	english births
i.k.k.menon	indian indian
bjarte_breiteig	norwegian births
paul_cornell	english women
ilya_tolstoy	russian russian
richard_burgin_:writer	american births
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
florencio_varela_:writer	albanian male
debbie_moon	21st-century women writers
akiva_schaffer	american male
frédéric_beigbeder	french french
anne_seymour,_countess_of_warwick	16th-century births
max_apple	american male
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
harold_acton	english of
dibyendu_palit	indian of
francesco_alziator	italian births
camille_recht	german women writers
brander_matthews	american from
christopher_mckitterick	american american short
rafael_grugman	russian writers
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
christopher_moore_:author	american american novelists
chris_lynch	american from novelists
birendra_kumar_bhuyan	indian from
michael_barnes_:canadian_author	canadian of
eyvind_johnson	swedish from
amina_mama	21st-century of
e.hoffmann_price	american american short
alice_sebold	21st-century women
august_derleth	american american novelists
raghunath_choudhary	asom from
qustaki_al-himsi	ottoman deaths
emilio_rabasa	austrian deaths
mark_friedman	american births
petar_kočić	bosnia and herzegovina
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
hans-otto_meissner	german deaths
miles_franklin	20th-century women writers
marina_ripa_di_meana	italian women
habib_bektaş	people writers
gary_shteyngart	american writers
pascal_bruckner	french french
maura_johnston	american women writers
margret_kopala	canadian from
h.r.percy	canadian male novelists
harut_sassounian	american deaths
eric_muspratt	australian from
alexander_neverov	russian male
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
grace_paley	american american
ginn_hale	american american short
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
ben_t.elliott	american births
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
mike_mcquay	american american short
r._s._mugali	indian from
carlos_monsiváis	mexican births
michael_e._raynor	canadian people
adam_radwanski	canadian from
evan_reilly	american television writers
gustaw_herling-grudziński	polish from
hannah_friedman	american from
hagop_baronian	armenian deaths
mehdi_halıcı	turkish births
rachakonda_viswanatha_sastry	indian from
harvey_pekar	american from
alison_weir	british of
afdlin_shauki	malaysian deaths
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
evgenia_tur	russian short
clay_shirky	american people
meredith_bagby	american births writers
bill_corbett	american male
mend-ooyo_gombojav	living writers
andrea_camilleri	italian italian
amrita_pritam	indian from
francesca_duranti	italian women
ian_ridpath	people of
h.g.wells	english of
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
charles_wisner_barrell	people deaths
gabriel_cevallos_garcía	ecuadorian deaths
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
boudewijn_büch	dutch deaths
narayan_hemchandra	asom from
ellen_hollond	19th-century women writers
michael_reaves	american american novelists
douglas_e.wright	canadian from
henry_baum	american from
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
natalie_minardi_slater	american television writers
dorothy_sterling	american women
ginette_mathiot	french deaths
derek_drymon	american male
gillian_polack	australian women writers
aonghas_macneacail	scottish births
rebecca_winters	american women novelists
eric_van_lustbader	american american novelists
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
hossein_mortezaeian_abkenar	iranian births
dwight_macdonald	american from
donna_tartt	american women
fran_striker	american from
paul_wheelahan	australian people
amy_wallace	20th-century women writers
mark_porter_:writer	living births
dorothy_fowler	20th-century women writers
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
mary_kingsley	19th-century deaths
paula_broadwell	american from
pierre_de_la_primaudaye	french male
eliza_frances_andrews	american american
rajan_mukarung	burmese from
david_malouf	australian short
mullapudi_venkata_ramana	indian writers
george_nafziger	american from
anne_wingate	american from novelists
narayan_hemchandra	asom from
michael_punke	american people
henry_avray_tipping	english deaths
anne_de_la_roche-guilhem	french women writers
colin_greenland	english science
richard_pursel	american people
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
philippe_de_commines	french male
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
david_small	american from
bernard_gordon_:writer	american from
colin_wilson	english english
hans_ehrenbaum-degele	german deaths
anthony_armstrong_:writer	20th-century male
neil_macfarquhar	american of
hidayat_orujov	people from
maurice_g.dantec	people births was was a
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
arabella_edge	21st-century women writers
harriott_horry_ravenel	american women
füruzan	turkish people
charlotte_delbo	20th-century women
david_garnett	20th-century short
peter_brimelow	american from
michael_j._tougias	american people
michael_fitzgerald_page	australian children's
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
brian_sibley	english births
edith_pattou	american women novelists
michael_fitzgerald_page	australian children's
diane_carey	american women novelists
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
holly_golightly_:comics	american comics
aritha_van_herk	canadian canadian novelists
richard_strange	english male
dale_evans	american from
albert_alberts	dutch dutch
dominic_green_:writer_and_musician	australian births
františek_čelakovský	19th-century deaths
cullen_bunn	american of birth
brian_jacques	english births
ali_aliu	people births
don_escudero	people deaths
michitsuna_no_haha	10th-century births
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
christine_craig	21st-century short
charles_étienne_brasseur_de_bourbourg	french french
masha_tupitsyn	living people
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
maryline_desbiolles	21st-century women
barbara_bloom	american television writers
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
colum_mccann	american from
elizabeth_sims	21st-century women novelists
clara_de_chatelain	19th-century deaths
carol_dunlop	canadian from
gilles_leroy	21st-century essayists
george_leonard	american from
alison_hume	year women writers
mikhail_artsybashev	russian male
marie-anne_de_bovet	french women writers
darren_barefoot	canadian male
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
christopher_rowley	american american novelists
dayal_padmanabhan	indian film
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
ahmed_ismail_samatar	saudi arabian
bernard_maclaverty	scottish of
david_icke	english of
cindy_haug	norwegian women writers
miguel_mendonca	british births
moderata_fonte	italian women
giuseppe_berto	italian italian
margery_allingham	20th-century women novelists
balázs_orbán	people births
berton_roueché	american from
dave_roman	year of birth
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
arjun_singh_sethi	american of
michal_šanda	living writers
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
neal_drinnan	australian short story
dahvi_waller	canadian from writers
mary_somerville	19th-century women
frank_decaro	american from
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
ahmad_kamyabi_mask	indian writers
paolo_eleuteri_serpieri	living people
evelyn_e.smith	20th-century women novelists
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
audrey_penn	american of writers
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
baird_t.spalding	american births
mike_gray	american from
adam_beechen	american male
bill_odenkirk	american television
alan_j.gould	people deaths
bruce_c.mckenna	american television
bruce_c.mckenna	american television
henri_nathansen	male male
margret_rey	german births
mirza_adeeb	pakistani from
hugh_mcilvanney	british of
robert_elms	english births
arthur_upfield	20th-century from
hubert_harrison	american of
charles_officer	canadian from
edgar_hilsenrath	german german
charles_fox_:jazz_critic	english births
g.willow_wilson	american american novelists
phyllis_chesler	american from
bjørn_sand	norwegian births
george_tabori	people from
djuna_barnes	american american
george_urban	people deaths
basha_khatri	scottish births
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
eraldo_pecci	american fiorentina
maureen_medved	21st-century women novelists
elizabeth_sims	21st-century women novelists
flora_fraser_:writer	english of
graham_joyce	english births
pracheta_gupta	indian people
carolyn_males	american women novelists
hiromi_kawakami	japanese births
percival_everett	american american
michael_herr	american from
dallas_denny	american births
graham_joyce	english births
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
nev_fountain	english of writers
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
richard_bach	american from
richard_hemming	living people
marjorie_morgan	20th-century women writers
de_lysle_ferree_cass	american american novelists
chris_bachelder	american from
mark_richard	american from
mitchell_burgess	american television writers
anthony_hartley	british births
ari_berk	american american novelists
peter_milligan	living of
gardner_fox	american comics
dick_matena	living births
hisham_matar	american of
christopher_noxon	american births
aung_thin	burmese births
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
claude_bessy_:writer	french male
aldous_huxley	english from
rob_nieuwenhuys	dutch dutch
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
helen_zimmern	english births
friedrich_de_la_motte_fouqué	german births
franz_fühmann	german german
gita_sahgal	indian from
moderata_fonte	italian women
natalie_minardi_slater	american television writers
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
mazhar_ul_islam	pakistani births
andrei_lupan	moldovan writers
aldous_huxley	english from
beka_kurkhuli	people births
brian_trench	british births
hemendra_kumar_roy	bengali writers
mark_whiting	american people
daur_nachkebia	year of birth missing
everett_b.cole	american male short
donna_andrews_:author	american women novelists
nyana_kakoma	ugandan women
devi_prasad_bagrodia	indian writers
enzo_siciliano	italian male
ostap_vyshnya	russian writers
r._d._low	british from
mary_kay_zuravleff	american american
giannina_braschi	american women
o._henry	american births
alan_woo	21st-century canadian novelists
robert_mccrum	english of
hovik_vardoumian	armenian deaths
alan_bradley_:writer	21st-century from
pierre_de_jarric	french male
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
margaret_ashmun	american from
philippe_delerm	21st-century french
gorur_ramaswamy_iyengar	indian writers
philippe_soupault	french french
clayton_van_lydegraf	american deaths
michael_ruppert	american from
alain_absire	french french
fernando_gonçalves_namora	people births
candy_dawson_boyd	american from
helen_pai	american television writers
mike_snider	american people
charles_mudede	american from
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
e.m.ashraf	indian from kerala
grant_allen	canadian from
boori_monty_pryor	australian from writers
david_icke	english of
mary_wibberley	english women novelists
margery_sharp	english women writers
derek_kirk_kim	american from
michael_punke	american people
femi_osofisan	south african
hal_higdon	american from
deborah_kimmett	21st-century women novelists
mary_kay_zuravleff	american american
peter_kovačič_peršin	slovenian births
daniel_abraham_:author	american american novelists
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
daisy_gardner	american television writers
nick_stone_:author	21st-century people
michael_szameit	italian male
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
ritam_chowdhury	living people
paul_chaplin	american television writers
rené_hausman	people births
gwynne_williams	year of birth missing
maurice_mierau	canadian from
andré-paul_duchâteau	belgian births
bob_tarlau	american television
emma_jane_unsworth	year of birth missing
michael_o'donoghue	american male
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
milt_josefsberg	american television
gyula_hernádi	hungarian male
anar_rzayev	azerbaijani azerbaijani
rhianna_pratchett	english people
anita_nair	20th-century indian
charles-jean-françois_hénault	french deaths
are_kalvø	norwegian births
georges_belmont	french french
evelyn_m.richardson	canadian women novelists
avner_cohen	american university
dave_eggers	american american
hovik_vardoumian	armenian deaths
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
paul_hiebert_:writer	canadian from
rachel_axler	american television birth
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
olaus_magnus	16th-century deaths
catriona_sparks	australian science writers
richard_bartle	british people
naresh_mehta	indian writers
mato_lovrak	20th-century novelists
anthony_berkeley_cox	english of
paula_pell	american television writers
ana_maría_shua	argentine women
barbara_bloom	american television writers
nega_mezlekia	canadian from
milly_witkop	german births
daniel_aaron	american of
mulk_raj_anand	indian of
ernest_rhys	scottish deaths
david_bergelson	russian writers
bret_hart	canadian from
gene_deweese	american american novelists
edith_bruck	20th-century women
donald_k.fry	american of
cliff_green	australian from
michael_bennett_:film_director	living people
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
arnold_zweig	german of
earl_shorris	american births
h.scott_hughes	american from
david_rakoff	american american
michele_zackheim	21st-century women novelists
david_boyd_haycock	english births
bruno_fuligni	french male
mary_griffith	american children's writers
edwin_monroe_bacon	american deaths
charlotte_elizabeth_tonna	english women writers
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
phil_cooke	living people
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
hutton_gibson	american from
gideon_joubert	south african
e_o_higgins	e births
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
george_washington_moon	19th-century deaths
gordon_rennie	british of
david_j.bradley	american from
einosuke_itō	japanese deaths
eduard_limonov	russian male
maría_lejárraga	polish male
don_dagradi	american male
ellie_herman	american television writers
nina_burleigh	american of
daisy_hernández	american women
antónio_gonçalves_de_bandarra	portuguese births
chris_thompson_:tv_producer	american television
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
cendrine_wolf	french women writers
baldev_mishra	telugu writers
donna_kossy	american women
eliette_abécassis	french women writers
olivier_cadiot	french french
miles_franklin	20th-century women writers
michael_shipley_:screenwriter	american people
alex_beam	american of
grace_lin	american women writers
george_william_russell	irish deaths
robert_antelme	french deaths
mike_resnick	american american novelists
alice_mcdermott	american women
maximilian_kravkov	people deaths
carla_gericke	american births
raif_badawi	saudi arabian
philipp_meyer	american american
harriot_eaton_stanton_blatch	american from
harold_acton	english of
max_simon_ehrlich	american male novelists
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
peter_david	american from novelists
arnold_stadler	german women
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
nicholas_sparks	american american
christopher_oscanyan	american deaths
mark_budz	american american novelists
françois_gautier	french male
edgar_wallace	english male
patrick_califia	american from
georges_ribemont-dessaignes	french french
martha_cecilia	living people
martha_brooks	canadian women writers
daniel-rops	french french
meindert_dejong	american american
henry_bond	english births
morgan_bell	australian from
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
emily_arnold_mccully	american from
germaine_greer	australian from
excilia_saldaña	21st-century women
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
edith_hodgetts	people women writers
mary_e._pearson	american of writers
d.g.chichester	american comics
david_de_vries	australian births
frode_grytten	norwegian births
ahmad_bashir	pakistani from
rita_clay_estrada	21st-century women novelists
alexios_schandermani	iranian births
rafael_arévalo_martínez	guatemalan women
edith_ellis	english women
arkadiy_belinkov	russian writers
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
hala_misrati	australian births
dmitry_bykov	russian writers
paulo_setúbal	brazilian births
raphael_shore	canadian births
megan_boyle	living people
franz_hessel	german deaths
ed_earl_repp	american american short
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
donald_wilson_:writer_and_producer	british births
carl_phillips	american from
blaize_clement	american women novelists
mikey_walsh	english births
alfonso_gumucio_dagron	20th-century from
robert_steven_rhine	american comics
premchand	indian from
maria_stona	20th-century women
hart_hanson	american television writers
margarete_kollisch	20th-century women
david_wong_:writer	american from novelists
mike_reiss	american television writers
abdul_haq_choudhury	bengali from
pramod_raman	indian women short
antal_stašek	19th-century of
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
nicolai_costenco	romanian births
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
friedrich_huch	german deaths
gerard_mckeown	australian births
curt_sampson	american male writers
david_h.goodman	american television writers
arleen_paré	canadian women
paul_avila_mayer	american television
babasaheb_purandare	indian deaths
amina_adil	burmese deaths
cecilia_hae-jin_lee	american of of
maureen_howard	american american
oscar_casares	american people
barry_unsworth	english of
anita_nair	20th-century indian
mehdi_khalaji	iranian births
anna_seghers	german of
pierre_jean_launay	french births
anne_deveson	australian births
alan_grant_:writer	english births
gregory_norman_bossert	american american short
richard_bach	american from
gerald_clarke_:author	american from
deidre_behar	american births
flora_kidd	20th-century women novelists
cass_pennant	english male
paul_reboux	french male
marie_luise_droop	german male
michael_lisicky	american from
r.w.gray	marc bushnaf is an a writer writer and
carolyn_hax	american from
franco_scaglia	italian italian
gwen_grant	english of
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
mary_tate_engels	american of writers
eduard_limonov	russian male
max_allan_collins	american american novelists
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
edward_ball_:american_author	american from
rae_earl	english women
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
mikhail_artsybashev	russian male
anvar_mammadkhanli	ukrainian deaths
enzo_siciliano	italian male
andrei_zarin	russian russian
emili_teixidor	spanish male
genevieve_foster	american from
adam_zeis	american male
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
peter_rollins	living from
mikhail_alekseyev_:writer	recipients of
carol_gorman	american from
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
miriam_toews	canadian from
nowsher_ali_khan_yusufzai	bengali deaths
dorothy_nolte	american women
aranka_siegal	american women
donna_williams	australian from
amar_mitra_:writer	bengali writers
harriet_elizabeth_prescott_spofford	american american
robert_marasco	american male dramatists
fanny_parkes	people births
mercer_simpson	people of
raymond_jean	french male
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
annie_groovie	canadian from
david_bolchover	british births
renan_demirkan	spanish from
nicholas_delbanco	american university
doris_e.smith	20th-century women writers
george_hively	american male
harry_crane	american television
beatrix_campbell	british of
gerald_vizenor	american american
demetria_daniels	american women writers
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
maria_von_peteani	20th-century deaths
marsha_canham	canadian women writers
alex_haley	american from
bernard_gordon_:writer	american from
clive_barker	lgbt male
alison_dolling	australian from
aleksandrs_grīns	latvian births
desmond_hogan	irish short
robert_j.sawyer	canadian from
marguerite_young	20th-century women
paul_magrs	english science
francisco_azuela	mexican births
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
andrás_szántó	people births
gloria_lisé	argentine argentine
ahmad_fuadi	american writers
mushtaq_ahmad_yusufi	pakistani of
federico_campbell	mexican women
nisi_shawl	american american novelists
begum_rokeya	20th-century from
alexander_herzen	russian russian
donald_james	british of
harindra_dave	people births
frank_simoes	indian writers
marsha_skrypuch	canadian children's
edith_hodgetts	people women writers
hava_volovich	russian writers
boleslav_markevich	russian male
antonio_alcalá_venceslada	spanish births
ann_parker_:writer	american of birth
derenik_demirchian	armenian armenian
h.rider_haggard	english male
richard_marsland	australian from
arthur_bernard_lewis	american television
brian_aldiss	english from
frances_hardinge	english of writers missing
apuleius	2nd-century romans
allen_r.morris	american from
al-saddiq_al-raddi	living births
robert_m.pirsig	american from
rashid_askari	bangladeshi people
richard_atkyns	english births
adrian_cornelius_langerwerf	new zealand writers
p._balachandran	indian male
anatol_codru	moldovan births
david_wild	american of
peter_tieryas	american births
michèle_laframboise	canadian children's writers
andrew_berardini	american from
martin_pasko	canadian from writers
milo_dor	austrian male
george_moreby_acklom	british births
david_astle	australian australian
marc_drogin	south births
abdul_aziz_said	american of birth
adalbert_stifter	german german
charles_corm	dutch deaths
brian_burland	people births
guram_dochanashvili	people births
amrit_bhushan_dev_adhikari	asom from
fletcher_pratt	american american novelists
massimo_del_pizzo	living of fiction
colin_greenland	english science
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
paul_reed_:writer	american american
miloš_mikeln	slovenian from
hilary_corke	english of
michael_caulfield	australian people
claude-françois-xavier_mercier_de_compiègne	french french
anne_degrace	21st-century women writers
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
richard_appignanesi	canadian canadian
dimitrije_kantakuzin	15th-century of
david_zindell	american american novelists
peter_cheyney	english deaths
pamela_allen	australian from writers
perch_proshyan	armenian deaths
dante_troisi	italian male
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
grigory_adamov	russian male
andrew_clements	american from
carol_windley	canadian canadian novelists
adam_gopnik	american from
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
giddens_ko	people deaths
georges_belmont	french french
erica_ehm	canadian from
martín_hahn	croatian births
nguyen_quang_lap	turkish births
marjana_gaponenko	mexican women
gerhard_dengler	german from
achdé	french births
edward_bloor	american american novelists
abdón_ubidia	male short story
miervaldis_birze	people deaths
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
donald_james	british of
paul_reed_:writer	american american
breda_smolnikar	slovenian from
elisabeth_thorsell	swedish births
octavio_cordero_palacios_:writer	ecuadorian novelists
amiri_baraka	american from
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
anna_de_noailles	french french
gavin_extence	english male
cash_markman	year of birth
milly_witkop	german births
patrick_marnham	english of
amy_hempel	american from
elizabeth_humphreys_penrose	american american novelists
dr.seuss	american from
pietari_päivärinta	finnish births
cora_taylor	canadian women writers
peter_bichsel	living births
normando_hernández_gonzález	living people
richard_strange	english male
courtney_summers	21st-century women novelists
dan_abnett	british of
robert_cohen_:writer	canadian of
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
dan_harmon	american television
garlieb_merkel	german deaths
danielle_simard	canadian from
petra_hammesfahr	german women
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
martin_waddell	australian births
meera_nanda	living women
armstrong_sperry	american from
elizabeth_george_speare	american american novelists
anita_daher	year women birth
ariane_sherine	21st-century people writers
david_milch	american from
david_pinski	20th-century deaths
alastair_mcintosh	scottish of
gilles_leroy	21st-century essayists
bernard_noël	french french novelists
paul_lorck_eidem	norwegian norwegian
marguerite_j._gascoigne	20th-century women novelists
amber_dawn	21st-century women
rene_denfeld	21st-century of writers
consuelo_de_saint_exupéry	french french writers
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
norbert_blei	american american novelists
evan_reilly	american television writers
brad_falchuk	american television writers
andrzej_maksymilian_fredro	people deaths
mary_berry	english educated
brian_leung_:author	american of
diana_hart	canadian people
margaret_mazzantini	italian births
patricia_st._john	english deaths
esther_hautzig	american deaths
amiri_baraka	american from
paula_fox	american women novelists
edwin_s.grosvenor	american from
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
a.m.muhammed	indian from
alexandra_sviridova	russian women writers
rhianna_pratchett	english people
rachel_qitsualik-tinsley	canadian women writers
doron_medalie	israeli people
minna_canth	19th-century women
dominique_fernandez	french french
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
pat_condell	english educated
ernest_gébler	irish from
ann_mcgovern	american women
bryan_thao_worra	american from
gajra_kottary	indian film
andrew_pepoy	american comics
bruce_woolley	english births
duane_swierczynski	american american novelists
ann_mcgovern	american women
edythe_mae_gordon	american from
françois_bégaudeau	french french
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
richard_burgin_:writer	american births
mary_hood	american women novelists
nguyen_quang_lap	turkish births
ray_hedges	year of birth
chet_faliszek	year comics
edgar_allan_poe	american american
charles_garvice	people women writers
david_icke	english of
abubakar_imam	south of
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
henri_jeanson	french male
rae_bryant	living people writers
eoin_mcnamee	australian from
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
caroline_healey_dall	american american
darcy_frey	american of
henry_miller	american from
robert_borden_:tv_producer	american television
christina_lauren	american women novelists
amanda_minnie_douglas	american american
apuleius	2nd-century romans
peter_tieryas	american births
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
aravind_enrique_adyanthaya	american births
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
daniel_ivin	croatian births
gene_deweese	american american novelists
rawi_hage	canadian women
david_rakoff	american american
nina_george	german women
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
hildegarde_dolson_lockridge	american women
eric_grissom	hong kong
olivier_cadiot	french french
alfred_jarry	french french
marion_hargrove	american from
bi_feiyu	people women
douglas_adams	english from
massimo_carlotto	italian births
hajro_ulqinaku	20th-century novelists
raja_rao	indian from
biswapati_sarkar	indian of
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
mohammad_moniruzzaman	bengali of
mary_elizabeth_mohl	people from
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
david_j.peterson	american from
randall_jahnson	american male
holly_black	american women novelists
bochō_yamamura	japanese births
georges_ribemont-dessaignes	french french
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
abdul_haq_choudhury	bengali from
project_itoh	norwegian births
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
clayton_rawson	american american novelists
clara_ng	saudi births
antonio_muñoz_molina	spanish births
don_dickinson	canadian canadian novelists
gabe_hudson	american american novelists
araceli_aipoh	people of
nur-eldeen_masalha	living births
constancio_c.vigil	argentine births
margaret_larkin	american american
frances_hardinge	english of writers missing
michael_costigan_:writer	australian births
guy_de_maupassant	french french
bob_shaw	20th-century from fiction
david_icke	english of
grace_lin	american women writers
elisabetta_caminèr_turra	19th-century women
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
ramon_saizarbitoria	living people
bret_hart	canadian from
bjarne_rønning	norwegian births
caroline_lamarche	belgian births
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
charles_alden_seltzer	american american novelists
arjun_singh_sethi	american of
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
bernice_morgan	canadian women novelists
maria_antònia_oliver_cabrer	spanish writers
graham_hurley	english of writers
mary_stolz	american women novelists
montserrat_roig	spanish births
paul_marsden	british of
ali-akbar_sa'idi_sirjani	iranian deaths
himanish_goswami	indian writers
pravrajika_vrajaprana	american women writers
alexander_frater	australian births
eugenia_kim_:author	21st-century women
connie_schultz	american from
naa_someswara	indian people
caroline_fourest	21st-century from
ningombam_bupenda_meitei	indian from
phyllis_a._whitney	american women
eli_clare	american from
gilles_leroy	21st-century essayists
maria_stona	20th-century women
petraq_zoto	20th-century short
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
dominique_joseph_garat	french births
martin_van_beynen	21st-century from
desmond_hogan	irish short
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
norman_borisoff	american male novelists
andrew_bovell	australian births
frank_bergon	american from
naa_someswara	indian people
anna_blaman	20th-century women
baratunde_thurston	american from
britta_gröndahl	20th-century women
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
nathaniel_peabody_rogers	american from
aleksandar_hemon	american american
charles_de_lint	21st-century from novelists
marie_phillips	living births
adam_kotsko	american from
hal_clement	american science novelists
andrei_sinyavsky	soviet short
bushra_rahman	pakistani of
mike_edison	american of
mark_friedman	american births
christopher_nicole	20th-century women novelists
heloise_:columnist	american from
michèle_mailhot	canadian canadian novelists
bill_long_:writer	irish births
mark_danner	american from
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
margaret_pargeter	year romantic birth
mary_brave_bird	american deaths
michael_t._kaufman	american from
fenton_johnson	american american
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
adam_c.engst	american from
piri_thomas	american american
paul_s._dunkin	american from
marie_hermanson	swedish women
phakirappa_gurubasappa_halakatti	people writers
claire_ridgway	british of
aleš_čar	slovenian from
gerald_reece	english of
emanuilo_janković	serbian deaths
c.s.lakshmi	indian indian
rob_williams_:comics	living of birth
neal_asher	english births
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
bertram_brooker	canadian from
alekos_sakellarios	croatian novelists
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
maria_pypelinckx	flemish births
martina_cole	english births
miguel_syjuco	living people
goffredo_parise	italian male
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
darin_strauss	american american
mark_barrowcliffe	english births
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
ramanlal_soni	people deaths
mick_jackson_:author	english births
flavio_alves	american from
b.m.suhara	20th-century women
michelle_jerott	21st-century women writers
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
ramsey_campbell	english english
claude_mckay	people people
caroline_dale_snedeker	american from
andré_nemec	american television
nayantara_sahgal	indian women
augusto_do_rosário_rodrigues	20th-century male
everett_b.cole	american male short
david_icke	english of
hanna_rambe	indonesian births
p._d._james	english of
gert_prokop	german male
alec_robertson_:music_critic	british of
amar_jaleel	pakistani of
asma_gull_hasan	american of
maryana_marrash	chuvash deaths
alex_beam	american of
holly_golightly_:comics	american comics
michael_moorcock	english science
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
michael_t._kaufman	american from
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
anjum_anand	british of
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
robert_asch	english educated
pyotr_polevoy	russian writers
najmadeen_mala	people deaths
nguyễn_ngọc_ngạn	canadian from
mervyn_peake	english from
dale_evans	american from
giulio_cogni	italian male
edward_r.pease	english of
bohumil_hrabal	austrian births
paula_pell	american television writers
ian_cameron_esslemont	canadian from
abu_rushd	bangladeshi of
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
bhisham_sahni	indian from
ginette_anfousse	canadian women writers
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
al_feldstein	american from
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
mohammed_hasan_alwan	living people
mustafa_akyol	iranian people
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
andrew_sabiston	canadian from
marjorie_w._sharmat	american women writers
evan_lavender-smith	american american
asrul_sani	indonesian births
ostap_vyshnya	russian writers
barbara_bloom	american television writers
frank_launder	english births
desmond_fennell	21st-century from
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
dan_jurgens	american comics
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
dennis_o'neil	american comics
norman_hapgood	american from
nileena_abraham	indian from
barbara_avedon	american television writers
bedar_mnagrio	pakistani births
arimasa_osawa	japanese japanese
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
graeme_k.talboys	english births
george_kashdan	american comics
hannah_louise_shearer	american women novelists
elwood_ullman	american births
mary_catherine_bateson	american births
blanche_mcmanus	american american writers
esther_rochon	canadian women novelists
chiaki_kawamata	japanese births
nigel_calder	english educated
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
adam_gopnik	american from
richard_pursel	american people
gene_wojciechowski	american from
bonnie_clearwater	american from
gladys_casely-hayford	20th-century women
allen_r.morris	american from
daedalus_howell	american from
marina_ripa_di_meana	italian women
cecilio_acosta	venezuelan deaths
clara_sereni	italian women
abby_mann	american television
earl_mindell	american from
henri_patin	19th-century french
apuleius	2nd-century romans
farid_raymond-anthony	sierra leonean
riccardo_calimani	italian births
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
carlo_collodi	italian italian
chintapalli_ramana	indian of birth
allie_esiri	english births
ernesto_tomasini	british male
duncan_rouleau	year of birth
arturo_jauretche	argentine essayists
pat_mills	living comics
michael_s._moore	american american novelists
cathi_bond	canadian women novelists
carl_binder	canadian television
guri_vesaas	norwegian norwegian writers
pat_condell	english educated
d.j.grothe	american from
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
pryse_lockhart_gordon	british of
frank_o'connor	irish deaths
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
miria_george	new of writers
ganjali_sabahi	turkish births
matthew_weiner	american television
annejet_van_der_zijl	20th-century women writers
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
barry_michael_cooper	american of birth
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
gotthold_gloger	german german
camilla_gibb	21st-century women novelists
anita_nair	20th-century indian
harry_leslie_smith	english of
francis_x.king	place of birth missing
marieke_hardy	australian births
márcio-andré	brazilian births
celia_thaxter	american american
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
rachel_kushner	21st-century american novelists
rafael_garcía_serrano	spanish male
angus_donald	21st-century of novelists
margaret_mayo_:novelist	english women novelists
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
michel_basilières	canadian canadian novelists
raphaël_tardon	french male
coelho_neto	brazilian deaths
dan_goor	american television
n._s._madhavan	indian male
eduard_uspensky	russian male
hugh_falkus	english educated
françois_gautier	french male
graham_sleight	english science fiction
akram_aylisli	azerbaijani azerbaijani
farley_mowat	canadian from
rae_bryant	living people writers
elisha_cooper	american of
antoinette_henriette_clémence_robert	french french
delwar_hussain	alumni of
nigel_bennett	english male
angela_heywood	american deaths
gregg_kavet	american television writers
maria_mutch	canadian canadian novelists
randy_powell	american american novelists
claude_bessy_:writer	french male
george_langelaan	irish of
marc_sautet	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
park_jeong-dae	south korean
gustaw_herling-grudziński	polish from
grace_lumpkin	american american
andrej_hieng	slovenian from
mathoor_krishnamurty	indian of
denys_val_baker	english of
rebecca_walker	american women
mark_aldanov	russian male
guy_hocquenghem	french french
mark_waid	american comics
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
ahmad_fuadi	american writers
pat_brown_:criminal_profiler	american women writers
michealene_risley	american births
anne_holmberg	american women novelists
bo_ma	living births
clyde_bruckman	american film
ntone_edjabe	living births
hal_clement	american science novelists
qiu_jin	people births
mazarine_pingeot	french french
patrick_rothfuss	american american novelists
qazi_mahbub_hussain	year of is
brian_glanville	english births
paddy_richardson	21st-century zealand writers
mark_katzman	american from
evgenia_tur	russian short
a.whitney_brown	american television
henry_miller	american from
giovanni_battista_cavalcaselle	italian italian
robert_rimmer	american from
patrick_cauvin	french french novelists
hannah_mary_rothschild	english of
cristina_ali_farah	italian births
richard_rive	20th-century african
dan_goldman	american comics
bhabani_bhattacharya	indian of
mitch_berman	american american novelists
carlo_fruttero	italian births
alice_b.neal	american of writers
a.igoni_barrett	21st-century short
harry_crane	american television
ramo_nakajima	japanese japanese
richard_strange	english male
elliot_greenebaum	american from
fyodor_stepun	russian deaths
baermann_of_limburg	german german
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
perley_poore_sheehan	american from
dinakara_desai	indian from
fern_shumate	american deaths
cassie_stocks	canadian women novelists
david_wearing	people of
carol_kolb	american television birth
michel_dard	french births
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
caroline_lamarche	belgian births
pete_moore_:science_writer	living people
charles_o'conor_:historian	people births
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
allan_frewin_jones	english births
arkady_arkanov	people of
meredith_sue_willis	american women novelists
ananda_chandra_barua	indian from
flannery_o'connor	american american
robert_faesi	swiss births
mikhail_dostoyevsky	russian russian
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
b.l.coombes	people of
audre_lorde	american american
antonino_mango_di_casalgerardo	italian male
nay_myo_thant	burmese writers
ignace_lepp	french deaths
charles_willeford	american from
ali-akbar_sa'idi_sirjani	iranian deaths
david_lamb_:journalist	american from
hermann_broch	austrian deaths
harry_cross_:sportswriter	american from
marcelo_quiroga_santa_cruz	marc births is is a writer writer and
chris_broadribb	20th-century women writers
horace_mccoy	american from
patricia_matthews	20th-century women novelists
david_wingrove	english births
mohamed_chafik	living births
rafael_spinola	guatemalan short
cora_coralina	brazilian women
mehdi_khalaji	iranian births
bjørnstjerne_bjørnson	norwegian norwegian
dave_roman	year of birth
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
milo_manara	living births
frédéric_encel	french births
aly_monroe	english births novelists
ben_richards_:writer	english male
riku_sanjo	living people
françois_bon	french french novelists
denise_robertson	english of
ben_t.elliott	american births
grete_gulbransson	20th-century births writers
géza_csáth	hungarian deaths
mario_soldati	italian births
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
mithileshwar	living people
helen_bianchin	women women novelists
bruce_marshall	people of
alex_shoumatoff	american from
allen_spraggett	canadian births
huang_yi_:author	hong kong
fazil_iskander	russian short
doon_arbus	american of
ravi_belagere	living people
andrew_j.mckiernan	australian australian
alexis_wright	australian women
fiona_mcintosh_:fencer	scottish of
elisabeth_de_mariaffi	canadian women novelists
charles_perez	american from
i.c.b.dear	scottish births
ellen_galford	canadian of novelists
robert_hull	american television writers
alexis_lichine	people deaths
polonca_kovač	slovenian from
charlotte_elizabeth_tonna	english women writers
mena_calthorpe	australian women
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
avadhanam_sita_raman	indian from
c.c.swiney	american from
franco_lucentini	italian births
brian_sibley	english births
alexander_kazantsev	russian births
enzo_siciliano	italian male
arnette_lamb	american women novelists
aman_nath	indian of
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
namita_gokhale	indian women writers
henry_bordeaux	french deaths
daniel_vávra	video game
boris_glinsky	russian deaths
michel_ocelot	french births
olof_lagercrantz	swedish swedish
fred_reed	american from
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
alexander_grin	russian male
abdallah_marrash	people of
nejc_gazvoda	slovenian from
hamid_dizdar	bosnia and
anthony_simmons_:writer	english educated
alvin_toffler	american from
diana_atkinson	canadian women novelists
rachel_manley	canadian women writers
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
nihal_atsız	turkish writers
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
carla_cassidy	american women novelists
monika_zgustová	living women
dan_vebber	american television writers
chris_maslanka	people of
nince_henry	living people
robert_sheaffer	american writers
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
amy_wallace	20th-century women writers
fran_levstik	slovenian deaths
carolyn_males	american women novelists
marina_ripa_di_meana	italian women
morgan_higby_night	american births
george_wilbur_peck	american from
cao_xueqin	iranian dynasty
carlos_dews	american from
henry_lawson	australian women
canan_topçu	turkish people
derek_santos_olson	american television writers
arthur_malkin	english births
henri_lopès	people of the of of
milan_kundera	20th-century births
alba_de_céspedes_y_bertini	20th-century women
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
asif_farrukhi	pakistani of
maxime_du_camp	french french
daniele_bolelli	american male
narinder_singh_kapoor	living people
frederick_buechner	american from
betty_fussell	american births writers
barbara_andrews	year of birth
adrian_hyland	australian australian
pon_kumaran	indian film
gábor_görgey	hungarian from
erich_ebermayer	german male
adriano_gonzález_león	20th-century novelists
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
andy_luckey	american from
graham_linehan	irish births
a.m.homes	american american
ali_imam	bangladeshi of
r._chudamani	20th-century women
ralph_chaplin	american deaths
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
franz_lidz	american from
igor_guberman	russian male
claire_fox	people of
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
matthew_kennedy_:author	american births
bill_bauer_:poet	canadian from
paul_rogers_:novelist	american from
ng_yi-sheng	singaporean people
oliva_sabuco	spanish births
francis_birrell	irish births
mirko_breyer	venezuelan births
mena_calthorpe	australian women
esther_seligson	mexican women
mikey_walsh	english births
blu_de_golyer	american male
henry_kreisel	canadian male novelists
paul_e_cooley	american american short
ignacio_ramírez	austrian deaths
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
alice_sebold	21st-century women
peter_baker_:author	american of
robert_marasco	american male dramatists
barbara_albert	austrian male
martin_walser	german from
richie_webb	english of
franklin_d.mcdowell	canadian canadian novelists
naa_someswara	indian people
nega_mezlekia	canadian from
noël_godin	belgian births
claire_zulkey	american women writers
eduard_vilde	estonian from
georges_simenon	20th-century from
graeme_k.talboys	english births
evelyne_lallemand	french women writers
ameen_rihani	american american
geeta_dharmarajan	indian women
nevenka_petrić	turkish writers
erwin_strittmatter	german of
alex_shoumatoff	american from
frank_launder	english births
bernard_goldberg	american from
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
brian_hodge	american american novelists
david_eddings	american american novelists
erica_ehm	canadian from
montague_haltrecht	english from
daniel_tammet	english of
micha_josef_berdyczewski	russian writers
france_herron	american age
michael_o'donoghue	american male
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
hugo_rodríguez-alcalá	paraguayan deaths
emma_jane_hogbin	canadian from
peter_gould_:writer	american television writers
greggory_nations	american television writers
paul_b._preciado	lgbt writers
mate_dolenc	slovenian from
milt_josefsberg	american television
douglas_kent_hall	american from
beka_kurkhuli	people births
andrew_davies_:writer	people of
craig_hinton	20th-century short
anna_piaggi	italian women
anton_rønneberg	norwegian norwegian
paul_king_:director	living television
panchu_arunachalam	indian film
miran_jarc	slovenian births
fran_detela	slovenian of
eva_norvind	norwegian women
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
claude_roger-marx	french french
alison_weir	british of
marianne_alopaeus	dutch women
maria_jacquemetton	american television writers
drago_jančar	slovenian from
bernie_s.siegel	american from
caroline_dale_snedeker	american from
maureen_herman	living people
david_charles_manners	british writers
gavin_smith_:author	scottish from
armas_äikiä	ukrainian deaths
eric_liu	american from
agnes_strickland	19th-century women
günther_krupkat	german male
alana_lowes	australian from
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
nathaniel_peabody_rogers	american from
gary_goldschneider	american male
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
elizabeth_harrison_:writer	english births novelists
aldous_huxley	english from
edward_mccourt	canadian from
nathan_burrage	australian short story
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
fatima_besnaci-lancou	21st-century women writers
angela_narth	canadian children's writers
brendan_hay	american male
marie-sissi_labrèche	canadian canadian novelists
georg_heym	german german
oliver_onions	english male
c.k.stead	new zealand
blanca_de_lizaur	mexican women
mirkka_rekola	20th-century women
günter_wallraff	german births
paul_jenkins_:writer	living births
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
devananda_bharali	20th-century from
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
matt_maiocco	american people
mildred_d._taylor	american children's
franklin_d.mcdowell	canadian canadian novelists
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
pieter_aspe	belgian births
cheikh_tidiane_gaye	people births
asrul_sani	indonesian births
mildred_barya	ugandan women
margaret_sweatman	canadian from
robert_asch	english educated
herman_pieter_de_boer	dutch deaths
hanna_rambe	indonesian births
alexandra_shimo	canadian canadian
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
fulvio_tomizza	italian italian
ned_vizzini	american american
gerard_stembridge	irish of
dmitry_gorchakov	russian male
guy_gavriel_kay	canadian from
fazlur_rahman_faridi	people deaths
benjamin_ross	british male
mark_aldanov	russian male
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
erica_johnson_debeljak	american american
aaron_paquette	canadian from
francisco_gonzález_ledesma	spanish women
bob_rozakis	american comics
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
nic_kelman	american male
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
oz_clarke	english births
charly_chiarelli	canadian from
hedda_zinner	german of
amy_sherman-palladino	american television writers
gregory_norman_bossert	american american short
gabrielle_carey	australian from
d.v.gundappa	indian from
gabriel_cevallos_garcía	ecuadorian deaths
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
alan_fennell	british births
herbert_meier	people of
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
peter_demant	russian male
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
asar_eppel	russian short
flannery_o'connor	american american
nancy_phelan	20th-century women
ratnakar_matkari	indian film
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
maxim_gorky	russian male
angel_kyodo_williams	american women
alexander_herzen	russian russian
michael_chamberlain	australian from
carolyn_hax	american from
michael_punke	american people
charles_harrington_elster	american male
mavor_moore	canadian male
alberto_de_angelis	italian births writers
alberto_bevilacqua	italian italian
max_tau	german deaths
horace_mccoy	american from
david_chase	american television
denise_robertson	english of
christopher_levett	english deaths
anton_hansen_tammsaare	20th-century novelists
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
fred_dekker	american births
hortense_allart	19th-century women writers
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
barry_w.blaustein	american male
margaret_landon	american from
doreen_baingana	ugandan women writers
camara_laye	20th-century novelists
e.lockhart	american from
paul_strathern	british writers
benjamin_zephaniah	english births
grazia_deledda	italian women
elsie_johansson	swedish women
maxence_caron	french french
narinder_singh_kapoor	living people
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
countess_dash	french french writers
mohammad_mokhtari_:writer	iranian from
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
edward_davies_:celtic	people births
c.d.payne	american american novelists
alexander_m.phillips	american american short
farhat_ishtiaq	pakistani births
helene_hanff	american women
fran_roš	slovenian from
benoit_pioulard	american births
christine_miscione	21st-century women novelists
ann_donahue	american of writers
annejet_van_der_zijl	20th-century women writers
melissa_salmons	american television writers
anna_de_noailles	french french
robert_olen_butler	american american
denys_val_baker	english of
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
alain_leroy_locke	american from
friederike_roth	german women
mircea_damian	romanian romanian
anthony_armstrong_:writer	20th-century male
edgar_hilsenrath	german german
arthur_morrison	english english
oliver_la_farge	american american
awn_alsharif_qasim	people deaths
robert_m.pirsig	american from
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
megan_ganz	american of birth missing
monique_polak	canadian women writers
robert_bisset	people deaths
alejandro_agostinelli	argentine births
rachel_manley	canadian women writers
pierre_mertens	belgian births
christopher_hurn	american of birth
david_whitaker_:screenwriter	english births
david_goodis	american american novelists
christian_beranek	american from
amy_wright_:writer	american women
claudia_dey	21st-century women novelists
philippe_delerm	21st-century french
hans_krieger	german german
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
george_jonas	canadian from
rajkumar_jhalajit_singh	indian of
danton_remoto	filipino births
ramaranjan_mukherji	indian writers
charles_dickens	english male
robert_sheaffer	american writers
aldous_huxley	english from
iain_sinclair	alumni of
adalbert_stifter	german german
gisele_lagace	canadian comics
eduard_limonov	russian male
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
george_metcalf_johnson	american from
fatima_besnaci-lancou	21st-century women writers
frieda_a.murray	american women novelists
robert_stevenson_:director	people births
hirotaka_tobi	japanese japanese
anja_štefan_:writer	slovenian women
didier_leclair	canadian canadian novelists
evadne_price	20th-century women writers
adam_kay_:writer	living births
barbara_bloom	american television writers
alberto_arbasino	italian births
omar_ben_salem	people births
august_derleth	american american novelists
a.a.gill	british of
fatima_besnaci-lancou	21st-century women writers
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
d.j.grothe	american from
diane_fanning	american of novelists
raja_rao	indian from
patrick_richardson	british of
atin_bandyopadhyay	bengali writers
ellen_hollond	19th-century women writers
bill_thompson_:technology_writer	english of
dale_evans	american from
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
michael_carroll_:american_writer	21st-century of
bertrand_m.tipple	american deaths
arnette_lamb	american women novelists
belo_cipriani	american american
andrés_henestrosa	mexican births
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
michel_kilo	syrian of
gustavo_gac-artigas	american people
boris_pahor	people of
pete_lacaba	filipino people
henry_bond	english births
františek_čelakovský	19th-century deaths
bernard_assiniwi	canadian from
michael_nugent	irish people
arvède_barine	french deaths
greye_la_spina	american american short
nick_dear	english male
howard_w.bergerson	american from
david_albahari	serbian novelists
gilbert_gerard_:theological_writer	scottish of
david_albahari	serbian novelists
gerit_quealy	american from
eryue_he	pakistani births
gail_simmons	canadian from
abbas_el-zein	japanese births
david_fury	american television
pierre_michon	french births
alan_coleman	australian births
mignon_fogarty	american people writers
marta_kauffman	american male
alexander_levitov	russian russian
bob_haney	american age
neil_innes	english births
mathoor_krishnamurty	indian of
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
andrea_goldsmith	australian women
mosse_jørgensen	norwegian births
athénaïs_michelet	french women
anura_c.perera	sri lankan
philippe_soupault	french french
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
fran_ilich	lgbt births
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
andrey_aldan-semenov	russian russian
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
ana_maría_shua	argentine women
martin_kihn	american university
henry_baum	american from
moshe_pearlman	israeli deaths
michael_chamberlain	australian from
daniel_tammet	english of
a.m.dellamonica	21st-century canadian short
amil_niazi	canadian women writers
anne_homer	american women writers
bernie_west	american from
rick_poynor	living people
coelho_neto	brazilian deaths
gary_kinder_:author	american from
agneta_horn	swedish women
gore_vidal	american from
alfred_andersch	german of
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
matt_de_la_peña	american of novelists
natalie_jane_prior	australian children's
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
harry_grey	american american novelists
brenda_chapman_:writer	21st-century women novelists
alissa_quart	21st-century women
deborah_kimmett	21st-century women novelists
h.g.carrillo	american american
albert_dorrington	20th-century births
ndyakira_amooti	year of
anna_vertua_gentile	italian births
andy_borowitz	american from
melesina_trench	irish women
mary_kennedy	irish births
francesco_alziator	italian births
ragnar_frislid	norwegian norwegian
hossein_sanapour	iranian births
geoff_thompson_:writer	british births
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
george_lockhart_:politician	people of
michael_punke	american people
maude_kegg	american women writers
alfred_masson-forestier	french french
adolf_brand	german deaths
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
christopher_levett	english deaths
david_whitaker_:screenwriter	english births
arnold_zweig	german of
ernest_holmes	american from
maryam_sachs	iranian people
angela_litschev	german women
feodor_gladkov	russian male
neville_cardus	english of
hanna_krall	people births
césar_falcón	20th-century births
felice_picano	lgbt american
howard_white_:writer	canadian from
archibald_gracie_iv	american from
nancy_keesing	australian women
niloufar_talebi	american of
rasheed_ahmad_siddiqui	recipients from
mojca_kumerdej	slovenian women
marita_bonner	american american
francisco_azuela	mexican births
c.c.swiney	american from
nay_win_myint	burmese writers
gary_paulsen	american american novelists
charles_officer	canadian from
al_milgrom	american comics
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
michelle_mclean	living universe
george_william_curtis	american american
arthur_j.burks	american from
mario_soldati	italian births
ayodhya_prasad_upadhyay	indian deaths
graça_aranha	brazilian deaths
dr.seuss	american from
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
craig_walker_:writer	canadian male
nur-eldeen_masalha	living births
david_whitaker_:screenwriter	english births
allen_r.morris	american from
h.g.wells	english of
diana_hamilton	women romantic fiction
ottavia_vitagliano	italian italian
norman_hapgood	american from
ihsan_abdel_quddous	burmese births
claude_phillips	english of
freeman_h.hubbard	american births
richard_rodriguez	american from
natalie_minardi_slater	american television writers
ezechiel_saad	people writers
greg_rucka	american from
are_kalvø	norwegian births
hal_block	american from
hector_malot	19th-century deaths
daniel_cerone	american television writers
andersen_gabrych	american male
ed_subitzky	american male
alissa_york	canadian women novelists
mark_coakley	canadian from
margaret_pargeter	year romantic birth
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
damion_dietz	american of birth
guy_de_maupassant	french french
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
dmitry_bykov	russian writers
marie_majerová	20th-century novelists
rajko_perušek	slovenian writers
david_jay_brown	american from novelists
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
dino_stamatopoulos	american television
nancy_williams_watt	american television writers
diana_ossana	american television
al_boasberg	american from
himani_bannerji	canadian of
hossein_sanapour	iranian births
premchand	indian from
michael_rowbotham	living people
beatrice_schenk_de_regniers	american births writers
andré_pieyre_de_mandiargues	french french
oliver_la_farge	american american
craig_lancaster	american male
elisa_von_der_recke	german births
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
ferdinand_brunetière	french deaths
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
brian_cleeve	irish from
ed_subitzky	american male
e.vasu	indian indian
grigory_baklanov	russian short
clara_louisa_wells	american women writers
claire_ridgway	british of
françois_duprat	french births
fulvio_tomizza	italian italian
ellen_hinsey	american writers
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
noëlle_châtelet	french people
nur-eldeen_masalha	living births
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
blaize_clement	american women novelists
danila_comastri_montanari	italian women writers
carl_amery	german male
apostolos_doxiadis	greek births
antranig_dzarugian	armenian deaths
henry_clark_barlow	english male
maryana_marrash	chuvash deaths
ferenc_talányi	people writers
arnette_lamb	american women novelists
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
adolphe_stoeber	people deaths
angela_slatter	australian women writers
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
martyn_skinner	people births
maría_dueñas	spanish women
raphaël_millet	french births
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
chris_rafferty	american television writers
c.k.stead	new zealand
nina_berberova	russian russian
märta_tikkanen	swedish writers
henry_herbert,_3rd_earl_of_carnarvon	english of
marvin_albert	american american novelists
nuno_bernardo	american television
hans_jæger	norwegian deaths
chuck_lorre	american television
margaret_mayo_:children's_author	english women writers
mavro_vetranović	20th-century novelists
francesco_albergati_capacelli	italian italian
pierre_decourcelle	french french
amos_tutuola	20th-century births
michelle_king	american television writers
mushtaq_ahmad_yusufi	pakistani of
orson_spencer	american from
barbro_lindgren	swedish women
raphaële_bidault-waddington	french people
michael_o'donoghue	american male
furman_bisher	american from
danny_casolaro	american from
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
neville_cardus	english of
gabrielle_stanton	american television writers
charles_whiting	20th-century deaths
elizabeth_knox	21st-century zealand novelists
charles_perez	american from
margaret_mazzantini	italian births
alfonso_gumucio_dagron	20th-century from
nejc_gazvoda	slovenian from
nyana_kakoma	ugandan women
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
darnell_l.moore	american of
bawa_balwant	20th-century from
alexander_roda_roda	austrian deaths
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
radoje_domanović	serbian deaths
matija_divković	bosnia and herzegovina
ben_richards_:writer	english male
heinz_politzer	american jews
antoni_maria_alcover_i_sureda	burmese births
mons_lie_:writer	20th-century short
amrita_pritam	indian from
marguerite_rawalt	american deaths
adam_niswander	american american short
diana_hart	canadian people
aidan_higgins	irish short
parke_godwin	american american short
nicholas_wootton	american television writers
pål_johan_karlsen	people births
ikram_akhtar	indian film directors
chris_lang	english male
pierre_bettencourt	french deaths
chris_kelly_:writer	american of
abby_mann	american television
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
parker_marie_molloy	american from
elspeth_cameron	canadian from
helen_bianchin	women women novelists
david_woodard	american births
achy_obejas	american american
pero_budmani	serbian serbian
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
connie_booth	american from
pai_hsien-yung	people people
bhalchandra_nemade	indian writers
alexander_grin	russian male
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
charlotte_lady_blennerhassett	german women
mehrunnisa_parvez	indian women
abu_rushd	bangladeshi of
alain_robbe-grillet	french french
christophe_honoré	french male
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
farley_mowat	canadian from
francine_prose	american american novelists
n._s._madhavan	indian male
fran_levstik	slovenian deaths
carol_bishop-gwyn	canadian women
moinul_ahsan_saber	bangladeshi people
meša_selimović	serbian from
marita_bonner	american american
pete_mctighe	living of birth
ida_pollock	20th-century women novelists
alexander_neverov	russian male
raja_dhale	dalit writers
ashwin_sanghi	indian women
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
alban_mccoy	year of birth missing
clifford_lindsey_alderman	american american novelists
emily_wachtel	american television writers
nam_cao	turkish births
ayun_halliday	american from
marshall_browne	australian australian
neil_macfarquhar	american of
francisco_gonzález_ledesma	spanish women
patricia_ryan_:author	american women novelists
arleen_paré	canadian women
hrvoje_hitrec	croatian novelists
maurits_hansen	people births
alberto_de_noronha	indian from
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
fernando_ponce_de_león	brazilian novelists
rafael_reig	spanish people
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
neal_asher	english births
morgan_o'neill	australian births
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
dalton_delan	american television
frank_bergon	american from
george_turner_:writer	australian science fiction
mohammad_moniruzzaman	bengali of
rajiva_wijesinha	south of
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
bryan_thao_worra	american from
morgan_bell	australian from
nayantara_sahgal	indian women
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
iain_sinclair	alumni of
edgar_allan_poe	american american
david_treuer	american american
gheorghe_vodă	moldovan writers
mons_lie_:writer	20th-century short
anatoly_sofronov	recipients of
merch_bradt_stewart	american from
alan_booth	english births
annette_broadrick	american of novelists
michael_g._coney	20th-century births novelists
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
alisa_kwitney	american women novelists
pramod_raman	indian women short
francesco_albergati_capacelli	italian italian
milan_milićević	serbian deaths
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
g.a.natesan	20th-century from
blanche_mcmanus	american american writers
dumitru_matcovschi	moldovan writers
ben_domenech	american from
carla_walschap	belgian from
n_prabhakaran	20th-century male
alexander_genis	american births
patricia_maldonado	brazilian births
mark_fisher_:theorist	english people
carol_kalish	american from
anne_rundle	20th-century romantic fiction
clara_sereni	italian women
bertram_brooker	canadian from
andrey_dikiy	russian russian
matt_k._lewis	american of
omar_kureishi	pakistani of
anand_mahadevan	canadian from
david_sweetman	20th-century from
france_bevk	slovenian from
filip_de_pillecyn	flemish deaths
paul_mccusker	american from
franco_scaglia	italian italian
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
chen_maiping	20th-century short
george_mogridge_:old_humphrey	english english
erich_kulka	austrian deaths
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
gyles_brandreth	english of
debi_gliori	21st-century women writers
andré_bjerke	norwegian norwegian
milo_manara	living births
robert_c.cooper	living people
david_mason_:writer	american american
emily_wachtel	american television writers
dan_rhodes	people of
marguerite_j._gascoigne	20th-century women novelists
filippo_buonaccorsi	italian male
marie_sophie_schwartz	19th-century births
deborah_eisenberg	american from
h.g.wells	english of
mary_kingsley	19th-century deaths
ian_rankin	british of
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
punaloor_balan	indian from
bjørn_rønningen	norwegian women writers
david_yurkovich	american births
rich_cohen	american people
gene_deweese	american american novelists
georges_de_bièvre	french french
robbie_branscum	american women
michael_zarnock	american male
claude_ribbe	french births
brad_gooch	american from
dun_karm_psaila	people deaths
mirabel_osler	english women writers
anne_deveson	australian births
alice_sebold	21st-century women
paul_magrs	english science
david_e.kelley	american television
dionis_bubani	albanian albanian
bill_oddie	english educated
paul_vallely	british of
myriam_francois-cerrah	living people writers
harold_schechter	american from novelists
maria_belakhova	russian writers
adrian_cristobal	people births
maria_elizabetha_jacson	19th-century women writers
howard_overman	year of birth missing
omar_pound	20th-century from
dinanath_gopal_tendulkar	indian writers
octavio_cordero_palacios_:writer	ecuadorian novelists
mike_mearls	american people
barry_webster_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
darryl_ponicsan	american american novelists
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
esther_averill	american women
martín_caparrós	argentine births
peter_gould_:writer	american television writers
marguerite_poland	south african
remi_adedeji	living births
martha_rofheart	american women novelists
brian_michael_bendis	american from
gladys_casely-hayford	20th-century women
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
reidar_thomassen	norwegian norwegian
diane_carey	american women novelists
mukhtar_shakhanov	living writers
elhadi_adam	people deaths
per_schwenzen	norwegian norwegian
franz_kafka	austrian births
n._j._crisp	english english
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
daniel_newman_:academic	british births
aldous_huxley	english from
christopher_levett	english deaths
alexander_yashin	ukrainian deaths
oswald_wynd	british of
bernard_werber	french french novelists
bakdi_soemanto	indonesian writers
mary_griffith	american children's writers
henri_nathansen	male male
brenda_chapman	american film
dan_michel_of_northgate	english deaths
charles_dickens	english male
grenville_clark	american births
dimitri_verhulst	people deaths
alan_mak_:director	hong kong
hubert_haas	belgian deaths
bill_willingham	american comics
camilla_cederna	italian women
ra_ganapati	indian writers
carla_kelly	american of writers
r._w._bradford	american from
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
mariangelo_accorso	italian encyclopaedia
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
archemachus_of_euboea	year of
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
canan_topçu	turkish people
maxim_gorky	russian male
daniel_f.galouye	american american novelists
haroon_habib	bangladeshi of is
derek_drymon	american male
anne_hocking	20th-century women writers
anne-marie_cazalis	french women writers
doreen_cronin	american of writers
nader_kadhim	living people
alfred_gissing	english of
caroline_fourest	21st-century from
michelle_izmaylov	american women novelists
rebecca_rand_kirshner	american television writers
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
annie_pietri	french births
maria_elsa_da_rocha	20th-century women
nedžad_ibrišimović	bosnia and
margret_rey	german births
peter_demant	russian male
bijan_najdi	iranian short
christine_boylan	american television writers
frederick_townsend_martin	people births
dagmar_von_mutius	20th-century women writers
regina_corrado	american television writers
alan_pauls	argentine argentine
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
robert_l.fish	american american novelists
daniel_aaron	american of
brenda_jagger	20th-century romantic novelists
antanas_škėma	lithuanian novelists
harvey_pekar	american from
adolf_fischhof	people male
elizabeth_burgoyne_corbett	19th-century deaths
pedro_sotillo	venezuelan deaths
catherine_storr	20th-century women novelists
robert_a.heinlein	american from
iain_sinclair	alumni of
damion_dietz	american of birth
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
paul_avila_mayer	american television
polina_suslova	russian russian
richard_appel	american from
oksana_marafioti	american people
federico_campbell	mexican women
penny_busetto	south african writers
conrado_nalé_roxlo	argentine male
r._s._mugali	indian from
gabriel_cevallos_garcía	ecuadorian deaths
francisco_gregorio_billini	dominican republic
eldridge_cleaver	american from
nathan_penlington	living people
anna_goldsworthy	australian from
miguel_m._abrahão	brazilian novelists
ricky_lo	filipino people
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
davor_domazet-lošo	turkish writers
gary_david_goldberg	american television
h.c.cradock	20th-century women writers
cathi_bond	canadian women novelists
peter_plantec	american of birth
christina_hardyment	british births
marie_hermanson	swedish women
henry_baum	american from
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
david_pritchard_:chess_player	british births
david_ibn_ya'ish	dominican republic
mary_cappello	american of
aleksandar_hemon	american american
paulo_fernando_craveiro	people people
c.radhakrishnan	indian male
eleanor_farnes	place of birth missing
p._n._furbank	people of
mary_hazelton_blanchard_wade	american from
marguerite_young	20th-century women
gail_vaz-oxlade	canadian from
emily_smith_:author	21st-century women novelists
richard_atkyns	english births
michael_vatikiotis	american from
aurelian_silvestru	moldovan writers
mike_greenly	american births
dibyendu_palit	indian of
emmanuel_bove	french male
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
archibald_gracie_iv	american from
mikhail_alekseyev_:writer	recipients of
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
margaret_randall	american from
melina_marchetta	australian children's
claire_zulkey	american women writers
norberto_romualdez	people writers
robert_antelme	french deaths
dmitri_prigov	russian male
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
arthur_weiss	american male
maria_teresa_maia_gonzalez	living women
frankétienne	haitian dramatists
miriam_roth	american people
bozorg_alavi	iranian births
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
carol_matas	canadian women writers
avram_davidson	american american novelists
elizabeth_bevarly	american romantic novelists
rachid_mimouni	people births
fannie_pearson_hardy_eckstorm	american deaths
emil_benčík	spanish from
erik_lie_:writer	norwegian norwegian
pier_antonio_quarantotti_gambini	italian italian
doug_brammer	american comics
alissa_nutting	21st-century of novelists
arnold_zweig	german of
hayes_davenport	american television
edmund_wilson	american from
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
eda_leshan	american deaths
norma_k._hemming	20th-century women writers
hilda_nickson	20th-century women novelists
c.k.stead	new zealand
aaron_cohen_:counterterrorist	american births
b.v.k.sastry	indian writers
morris_beckman_:writer	english births
r._chudamani	20th-century women
gudrun_pausewang	german women writers
donald_barr_chidsey	american from
rachna_gilmore	canadian women
francisco_bilbao	people deaths
michèle_laframboise	canadian children's writers
mihkel_raud	living births
harry_browne	american from
boris_savinkov	russian writers
mary_jo_pehl	american television
ian_mclachlan_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
barry_chamish	canadian from
cea_sunrise_person	canadian from
ian_b.goldberg	american television birth
chandrakant_keni	indian writers
douglas_adams	english from
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
mark_forsyth	english births
abby_mann	american television
hortensia_blanch_pita	mexican women writers
flora_fraser_:writer	english of
erich_loest	german from
corrina_wycoff	american short
hannah_burdon	19th-century deaths
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
mitradev_mahanta	indian from
guy_n.smith	british births
georges_limbour	french deaths
giorgio_faletti	italian births
erik_diesen	norwegian from
esther_hautzig	american deaths
dragomir_brajković	serbian from
ali-akbar_sa'idi_sirjani	iranian deaths
david_gallaher	american from
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
gerald_vizenor	american american
alexandre_astier	french male
drago_jančar	slovenian from
ed_hannigan	american comics writers
alenka_goljevšček	slovenian from
mary_daheim	american women novelists
iain_morris	english births
andrew_hutchinson_:author	australian from
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
a.m.dellamonica	21st-century canadian short
bettina_belitz	german women writers
eric_kripke	american television
bernard_maclaverty	scottish of
herman_pieter_de_boer	dutch deaths
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
charles_dickens	english male
paullina_simons	writers from
neal_shusterman	american american novelists
arthur_arnould	french deaths
dhirubhai_thaker	indian from
barbara_haworth-attard	canadian children's
fabien_vehlmann	french births
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
charlotte_higgins	english births
henry_blue_kline	american american
mikihiko_renjō	japanese japanese
richard_newman_:broadcaster	lgbt male
adam_skirving	people births
anthony_simmons_:writer	english educated
a.j.butcher	british of birth missing
dionysius_lardner	people births
ian_brennan_:writer	american television
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
ille_takhti	19th-century deaths
frances_paige	21st-century women novelists
bill_arp	american from
maurits_hansen	people births
herman_rosenblat	american deaths
georges_lagrange	french french
matthew_j._trafford	canadian canadian novelists
dale_evans	american from
nguyễn_ngọc_tư	living people
clara_tschudi	norwegian deaths
carole_wilkinson	australian children's writers
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
randa_abdel-fattah	australian people
burnie_burns	american male
christiane_rochefort	french women writers
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
choe_yun	south korean
chigozie_obioma	nigerian nigerian
amy_wright_:writer	american women
perley_poore_sheehan	american from
martin_segon	serbian of
candice_millard	american of
darren_close	year of birth missing living
franz_borkenau	austrian deaths
cleve_cartmill	american american novelists
michèle_marineau	canadian canadian novelists
eduard_limonov	russian male
cameron_rogers	australian births
diana_rowland	american women novelists
edgar_allan_poe	american american
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
christopher_lukas	american television
holly_smale	english of birth missing
boris_schreiber	french deaths
pat_rosier	new zealand
elizabeth_kata	australian women
margaret_pemberton	english births
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
hagop_oshagan	armenian deaths
david_means	american of
marie_phillips	living births
paul_e_cooley	american american short
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
mike_yaconelli	american deaths
pearl_s._buck	american from
george_turner_:writer	australian science fiction
henry_rice_:writer	british births
arthur_kemp	new african
michel_dard	french births
richard_burgin_:writer	american births
c.j.stevens	american american
boris_savinkov	russian writers
pam_brady	american television writers
giorgio_amendola	italian male
pablo_de_jérica	spanish births
han_kang	people women
montague_haltrecht	english from
michael_gilbert	british of
marie-anne_de_roumier-robert	french women writers
gertrude_bell	english of
mohammed_arav_bessaoud	2nd-century deaths
meera_nanda	living women
federico_andahazi	argentine argentine
eve_zaremba	canadian women
anne_deveson	australian births
orson_spencer	american from
nathan_fielder	canadian from
maxime_du_camp	french french
pattathuvila_karunakaran	20th-century male
frank_lupo	american television writers
pierre_mertens	belgian births
elizabeth_sims	21st-century women novelists
gertrude_bell	english of
carlene_hatcher_polite	american women novelists
pierre_bellemare	french male
nicholas_kollerstrom	british people
christina_crawford	american women writers
douglas_kenney	american from
raif_badawi	saudi arabian
phiroz_mehta	people of
françois_para_du_phanjas	people births
michael_sledge	american male
antanas_škėma	lithuanian novelists
emily_arnold_mccully	american from
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
eyvind_johnson	swedish from
renji_panicker	indian film
rafael_hertzberg	19th-century deaths
charles_moseley_:writer	people of
david_szalay	21st-century women novelists
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
dinakara_desai	indian from
pagu	brazilian women
e.haldeman-julius	chilean deaths
amber_dawn	21st-century women
francis_marrash	ottoman deaths
david_chase	american television
harlan_greene	american american
mike_mccoll-jones	living of birth
qustaki_al-himsi	ottoman deaths
heather_macallister	american women novelists
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
d.harlan_wilson	american american short
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
matthew_condon	australian short
frank_launder	english births
robert_mccloskey	american from
ali_smith	20th-century of
brander_matthews	american from
nicholas_sparks	american american
emanuilo_janković	serbian deaths
dennis_eichhorn	american from
alissa_quart	21st-century women
michael_banim	irish deaths
aniceto_dos_reis_gonçalves_viana	people births
brenda_walker	australian women
andré_couteaux	french deaths
edward_boyd_:writer	british of
bhisham_sahni	indian from
pearl_s._buck	american from
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
nancy_keesing	australian women
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
mkrtich_armen	armenian deaths
bagrat_ulubabyan	people deaths
dorothy_cannell	american from
mary_lee_settle	american american
hugh_howey	american american novelists
risto_ahti	mexican writers
daniel_oster	french births
gerry_davis_:screenwriter	british births
august_derleth	american american novelists
bert_sugar	american of writers
eva_norvind	norwegian women
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
duncan_regehr	canadian from
elsa_kazi	pakistani births
glenn_rockowitz	american from
demetrios_bernardakis	venezuelan births
george_egerton	irish women
benjamin_braidley	english deaths
nikos_e._politis	serbian of
dick_clement	english educated
reşat_ekrem_koçu	turkish deaths
anita_pratap	indian women writers
derek_patmore	british births
anura_c.perera	sri lankan
pierre_bellemare	french male
edward_s.aarons	american american novelists
nguyễn_an_ninh	people deaths
anton_matthias_sprickmann	people deaths
robert_levin_:writer	american from
brad_ferguson	american american novelists
david_sweetman	20th-century from
andrew_lam	american american
paul_reed_:writer	american american
matthew_kennedy_:author	american births
pavao_ritter_vitezović	people of
eynon_evans	british births
dorothy_allison	american women
ashwin_sanghi	indian women
moinul_ahsan_saber	bangladeshi people
nicholas_wootton	american television writers
gary_cohn_:comics	american comics
pauline_johnson	canadian women
anna_sheehan	21st-century women novelists
gerry_conway	american male
g.k.chesterton	english male
graham_roland	american of birth
august_gailit	estonian deaths
michael_jackson_:writer	english educated
aurora_levins_morales	american american
clive_coates	japanese births
naomi_novik	american american novelists
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
ian_maxtone-graham	american television
maria_jacquemetton	american television writers
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
nat_benchley	american male
adalbert_stifter	german german
ping_lu	21st-century women
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
pietari_päivärinta	finnish births
berta_ruck	20th-century women novelists
michael_j.fitzgerald_:writer	manuel deaths was was an american writer
david_malouf	australian short
anna-clara_tidholm	20th-century women writers
gennifer_hutchison	american television writers
anne_rundle	20th-century romantic fiction
rafael_cardoso_:art_historian	mexican births
mike_shepherd_:author	american american novelists
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
bertrand_m.tipple	american deaths
bob_paris	american from
audre_lorde	american american
gary_d.schmidt	american from novelists
george_saunders	american from
richard_rive	20th-century african
eugie_foster	american american novelists
mary_virginia_carey	american women writers
arleen_paré	canadian women
ardath_mayhar	american american novelists
dinakara_desai	indian from
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
pu_songling	iranian from
gary_burns_:director	canadian of
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
gwendoline_butler	20th-century women novelists
philippe_besson	21st-century from
david_goldschmid	american television writers
peter_laird	american comics
montague_haltrecht	english from
clive_matthew-wilson	australian births
carolyn_haywood	american children's
carole_l.glickfeld	american of
andre_norton	american american novelists
robert_sharoff	american people writers
gore_vidal	american from
benjah	american male
christy_brown	irish deaths
alec_robertson_:music_critic	british of
peter_rabe	american american novelists
peter_wear	australian people
errol_fuller	british male
frank_s.pepper	british of
dikran_chökürian	ottoman armenian
melody_moezzi	american from
himanish_goswami	indian writers
claude_cariguel	french french novelists
merch_bradt_stewart	american from
raja_dhale	dalit writers
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
robert_haven_schauffler	american from
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
hans_noever	german male
onat_kutlar	turkish writers
peter_tieryas	american births
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
david_crane_:producer	american from
duane_simolke	american from
philip_pullman	english of
nicolas_billon	canadian canadian novelists
abel_meeropol	american deaths
channing_gibson	american television writers
chintha_ravi	indian male
david_treuer	american american
clay_shirky	american people
paul_dickson	american from
a.h.weiler	american deaths
mary_pope_osborne	american women writers
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
george_william_curtis	american american
michael_j._weithorn	american television
david_alderton	english births
anup_singh_choudry	bangladeshi of
benoît_mouchart	french births
richard_moore_:comics	american comics
arthur_morrison	english english
bernard_maclaverty	scottish of
brent_budowsky	american from
alexandre_dumas	french french
masha_tupitsyn	living people
robert_a.heinlein	american from
boyd_clack	canadian people
david_boyd_haycock	english births
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
mulk_raj_anand	indian of
martin_walser	german from
harriot_eaton_stanton_blatch	american from
mazhar_abro	pakistani short
craig_lancaster	american male
achy_obejas	american american
diriye_osman	alumni from
b.s.mardhekar	indian from
eleanor_coerr	canadian women writers
erzsébet_galgóczi	mexican women writers
ally_condie	american women novelists
amy_keating_rogers	american television writers
maurice_francis_egan	american from
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
necati_cumalı	turkish writers
devon_monk	american women novelists
colum_mccann	american from
perry_rosemond	canadian from
antonio_gallego_gallego	spanish births
amrit_rai	indian from
michael_j._arlen	american from
robert_hettinga	living births
abdón_ubidia	male short story
carlos_pintado	people births
richard_christian_matheson	american american
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
don_brinkley	american television
michael_paterniti	american of birth
anar_rzayev	azerbaijani azerbaijani
dattaram_maruti_mirasdar	indian writers
richard_mccann	american from
ayako_fujitani	japanese births
mary_maclane	canadian women
regina_doman	21st-century women
alan_martin_:writer	year of birth missing
maurice_joyeux	french deaths
matt_charlton	living of
friederike_roth	german women
alexis_wright	australian women
paula_diperna	living people
dox_:poet	20th-century deaths
evald_flisar	slovenian from
alberto_de_meneses_rodrigues	indian from
alexei_maxim_russell	canadian canadian novelists
brian_hargrove	american television
paul_rogers_:novelist	american from
graham_salisbury	american from
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
petar_kočić	bosnia and herzegovina
brandon_cronenberg	year of birth missing
robert_asch	english educated
dimitrija_čupovski	people deaths
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
graham_linehan	irish births
b.s.mardhekar	indian from
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
maxim_gorky	russian male
alba_de_céspedes_y_bertini	20th-century women
hannah_more	english women
cornelia_meigs	american american
dox_:poet	20th-century deaths
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
mohammad_moniruzzaman	bengali of
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
eric_tunney	canadian from
pat_condell	english educated
han_kang	people women
eve_bunting	australian women writers
c.e.webber	english births
estela_canto	argentine women
david_lamb_:journalist	american from
nancy_cato	20th-century women
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
michael_robotham	australian births
friedrich_christian_delius	german from
nugroho_notosusanto	people novelists
andy_wightman	scottish of
doreen_baingana	ugandan women writers
adolf_muschg	german from
catherynne_m.valente	21st-century american novelists
rick_poynor	living people
mary_lee_settle	american american
ian_edginton	year of birth
nikolai_leykin	russian male
david_horowitz	american from
philippe_claudel	french births
michael_paul_mason	living people
c.d.payne	american american novelists
giovanni_antonio_palazzo	year of death
mikhail_stasyulevich	russian deaths
richard_rubin_:writer	american from
niko_nikoladze	ecuadorian novelists
mark_blagrave	canadian canadian novelists
nikolai_zlatovratsky	imperial russian
andrei_vartic	moldovan writers
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
esther_kamatari	21st-century women writers
nicolas_billon	canadian canadian novelists
heinz_piontek	german deaths
mignon_fogarty	american people writers
amanda_havard	american women novelists
rick_ungar	american male
robert_bloch	american american novelists
brent_weeks	american of novelists
attila_györgy	croatian novelists
dale_carnegie	american from
petter_pettersson	norwegian births
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
ben_dolnick	american from novelists
matthew_yglesias	american people
dale_evans	american from
alexandre_beljame	french deaths
glenn_rockowitz	american from
darrell_figgis	19th-century deaths
mallory_ortberg	marc births is is a writer writer and and
denis_taaffe	people births
olivar_asselin	19th-century deaths
adriano_gonzález_león	20th-century novelists
adalbert_stifter	german german
matt_bell_:author	american births
candice_millard	american of
clara_sereni	italian women
audre_lorde	american american
dmitry_bykov	russian writers
allan_zullo	american of birth
clyde_bruckman	american film
bawa_balwant	20th-century from
alexander_belyaev	russian deaths
anuradha_ramanan	20th-century women
rachakonda_viswanatha_sastry	indian from
geoffrey_hoyle	people of
charles_bock	american from
benjamin_odell_:producer	american male
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
christopher_paul_curtis	american from novelists
nor_sanavongsay	american people
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
brett_borgen	norwegian women
robert_donston_stephenson	english births
hans_krieger	german german
eva_strittmatter	german women writers
hannah_more	english women
betim_muço	albanian albanian
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
peter_milligan	living of
paul_gustavson	american deaths
octavio_cordero_palacios_:writer	ecuadorian novelists
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
bjørnstjerne_bjørnson	norwegian norwegian
rafael_spinola	guatemalan short
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
alexis_nolent	living births
alexander_russell_webb	american from
pedro_malón_de_chaide	spanish births
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
chris_rafferty	american television writers
dan_shaughnessy	american from
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
harald_braem	german births
ernesto_sabato	argentine births
alenka_goljevšček	slovenian from
nicola_lagioia	italian italian
annabelle_white	new zealand writers
abul_bashar	indian writers
rebecca_parr_cioffi	21st-century women novelists
nicolás_gómez_dávila	chilean deaths
david_sweetman	20th-century from
fred_uhlman	people writers
rich_cohen	american people
april_blair	american television writers
nileena_abraham	indian from
evadne_price	20th-century women writers
h.l.gold	american american short
rafael_chaparro_madiedo	20th-century novelists
dorothy_fowler	20th-century women writers
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
martha_mason_:writer	people births
dorothy_cannell	american from
henriette_de_coligny_de_la_suze	french births
richard_canal	french births
felicitas_hoppe	german women writers
pavao_pavličić	croatian novelists
mary_lee_settle	american american
petro_marko	albanian short
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
matei_donici	moldovan births
gabriel_pombo	people male
pavao_pavličić	croatian novelists
beatrice_burton	20th-century women novelists
george_leonard	american from
africanus_horton	people births
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
dale_smith_:writer	english male
curt_gentry	american from
achille_essebac	french male
mark_l._van_name	american american short
avrom_reyzen	american deaths
moti_nandi	indian of
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
brian_aldiss	english from
alexei_perry	canadian of writers
barbara_faith	american women novelists
debbie_moon	21st-century women writers
glen_whitman	american television birth
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
elisa_von_der_recke	german births
benoit_pioulard	american births
dan_jones_:writer	english of
marijo_moore	american from
danny_bilson	american television
ed_subitzky	american male
elizabeth_bevarly	american romantic novelists
franklin_d.mcdowell	canadian canadian novelists
mark_evans_:comedian/writer	british of
anton_ingolič	slovenian from
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
paul_rogers_:novelist	american from
alan_cheuse	american american short
cho_seon-jak	south korean
nancy_duarte	living people
margaret_landon	american from
eleanor_mercein_kelly	american from
paul_strathern	british writers
amanda_lohrey	20th-century women
excilia_saldaña	21st-century women
constance_laux	american of novelists
michael_szameit	italian male
beatrice_hammer	french women writers
nathuram_premi	indian deaths
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
pierre_mertens	belgian births
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
arthur_dimmock	people births
patrick_meighan_:writer	american television writers
david_milch	american from
minna_antrim	people deaths
maria_elsa_da_rocha	20th-century women
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
grace_lumpkin	american american
mikey_walsh	english births
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
albert_ayguesparse	belgian deaths
george_william_russell	irish deaths
charles_victor_de_bonstetten	people births
george_woodcock	canadian from
george_joseph_gustave_masson	english deaths
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
francis_gibson	19th-century deaths
arturo_jauretche	argentine essayists
anthony_slide	british births
nikolay_nosov	soviet male
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
pero_budmani	serbian serbian
reginald_hudlin	american film
marie_rutkoski	american from
benjamin_lebert	german births
hilton_als	american of
maurice_francis_egan	american from
matt_fraction	american comics
greg_olear	american from
devaki_nandan_khatri	people births
dale_evans	american from
margaret_potter	20th-century romantic novelists
michael_christie_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
akram_aylisli	azerbaijani azerbaijani
barrie_jean_borich	21st-century women writers
philippe_de_commines	french male
mbongeni_ngema	south births
paul_b._preciado	lgbt writers
mary_miller_:writer	21st-century women novelists
aliaksei_karpiuk	people deaths
matthew_berry	american from
mike_mcquay	american american short
fyodor_stepun	russian deaths
christine_boylan	american television writers
mustafa_sarıgül	living people
anthony_burgess	english from
maría_larraín_de_vicuña	chilean deaths
angus_reach	19th-century deaths
rajat_arora	indian film
ellen_hollond	19th-century women writers
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
gyles_brandreth	english of
catherine_seipp	american from
audre_lorde	american american
aya_goda	japanese births
arnette_lamb	american women novelists
hovhannes_tumanyan	armenian armenian
peter_nowalk	american from
chester_himes	american from
manuel_moreno_barranco	marc deaths is a a writer writer and
glenn_gordon_caron	american television writers
peter_o'donnell	english from
bhabani_bhattacharya	indian of
michael_mclaverty	irish irish
alan_cheuse	american american short
daniel_harms	american american
barbro_lindgren	swedish women
hans_noever	german male
graeme_k.talboys	english births
pierre_béarn	french french
bill_corbett	american male
chester_himes	american from
dhimitër_xhuvani	albanian male
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
rachel_shabi	british births
adriano_gonzález_león	20th-century novelists
milan_paroški	serbian of
ayub_sabir	pakistani births
ayi_kwei_armah	american people
amelia_e.johnson	american women novelists
alan_pauls	argentine argentine
quentin_crisp	english male
amrit_rai	indian from
dolores_alexander	american from
grace_randolph	american comics
henri_jeanson	french male
geoffrey_kingscott	british deaths
francisco_domene	spanish male
andrew_murray_:minister	dutch deaths
peter_morgan	english of
erik_fosnes_hansen	norwegian from
charles_allen_:writer	british births
chris_zook	american of
nagen_saikia	indian indian
arturo_ambrogi	20th-century male
ben_yagoda	american from
elwyn_jones_:writer	british births
alexander_tarasov-rodionov	russian male
caroline_franz	american television writers
balakumaran	indian indian
ed_husain	british of
c.n.sreekantan_nair	indian male
paula_giddings	american university
chuck_mckenzie	australian short story
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
andrew_marchand	american marchand
dominique_fernandez	french french
hart_hanson	american television writers
hannah_friedman	american from
armas_äikiä	ukrainian deaths
david_ebershoff	american male
anatoly_kasheida	ukrainian from
hsiao-hung_pai	british of
margaret_mazzantini	italian births
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
alex_haley	american from
grant_faulkner	american of writers
ian_cameron_esslemont	canadian from
annejet_van_der_zijl	20th-century women writers
g.waldo_dunnington	american from
edward_docx	english births
nan_nyunt_swe	burmese births
mihir_sengupta	living writers
avasarala_ramakrishna_rao	indian indian
brian_cleeve	irish from
arshavir_shirakian	armenian deaths
gladys_lucy_adshead	irish births
hans_ehrenbaum-degele	german deaths
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
frieda_friedman	american children's
ian_rankin	british of
mirko_breyer	venezuelan births
alice_sebold	21st-century women
gogu_shyamala	indian writers
bolwar_mahammad_kunhi	indian male
diriye_osman	alumni from
philip_shelby	american people
frank_roche	american bloggers
catherine_deveny	australian from
paulo_setúbal	brazilian births
hart_amos	australian births
barbara_delinsky	21st-century women novelists
alexandre_beljame	french deaths
michèle_mailhot	canadian canadian novelists
nathaniel_peabody_rogers	american from
henry_clay_lewis	american from
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
margi_preus	american women writers
norman_wong	american of
félix_luna	argentine births
maurice_tillieux	people births
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
rafiq_husain	indian of
betim_muço	albanian albanian
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
rex_stout	american from
arthur_morrison	english english
babette_brown	south african writers
adam_muto	american television
gene_luen_yang	american from
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
daniil_andreyev	russian male
r._c._lehmann	people of
david_means	american of
diriye_osman	alumni from
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
helen_zimmern	english births
robert_boswell	american births
arthur_c.clarke	english from
bill_scheft	american american novelists
harold_bell_wright	american from
gotlib	french births
pat_whalen	living people
elliot_greenebaum	american from
peter_brimelow	american from
františek_čelakovský	19th-century deaths
narayan_ghosh_mita	bangladeshi of is
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
conrad_voss_bark	british births
gaelen_foley	american women novelists
henry_poulaille	french deaths
robert_spencer_carr	american american short
chen_danyan	people women
baltasar_porcel	spanish births
bill_odenkirk	american television
aleksander_świętochowski	polish from
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
donna_andrews_:author	american women novelists
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
craig_lancaster	american male
giovan_battista_di_crollalanza	italian deaths
henry_blue_kline	american american
demetria_daniels	american women writers
alana_lowes	australian from
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
gene_levitt	american television
mark_aldanov	russian male
nilmoni_phukan_:senior	asom from
david_eick	american of birth
chuck_austen	american of birth
geneviève_brisac	french french
aldous_huxley	english from
qudrat_ullah_shahab	pakistani of
melinda_hammond	year of birth
metin_arditi	living births
mel_tolkin	american male
caroline_fourest	21st-century from
bernard_kangro	estonian deaths
david_bergelson	russian writers
peter_david	american from novelists
eulalie_spence	american american
maria_von_peteani	20th-century deaths
quentin_crisp	english male
arjen_lubach	dutch births
allison_silberberg	american women writers
gordon_lish	american american novelists
rafael_grugman	russian writers
christina_crawford	american women writers
n_prabhakaran	20th-century male
guy_hocquenghem	french french
heleen_mees	japanese births
robert_fisk	people of
michael_reaves	american american novelists
cara_black_:author	21st-century women novelists
atiq_rahimi	french births
earl_oliver	american from
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
catherine_jinks	australian children's
michel_butor	french french
dean_lorey	american television
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
george_wyatt_:writer	english deaths
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
dolores_alexander	american from
daniel_tammet	english of
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
edward_sims_van_zile	american from
brad_falchuk	american television writers
brian_jacques	english births
paco_ignacio_taibo_ii	mexican from
carol_dunlop	canadian from
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
gore_vidal	american from
hilary_corke	english of
henri_thomas	french french novelists
brian_trueman	british television
elsa_joubert	south african
rabina_khan	british of
dan_slott	american of writers
nathan_fielder	canadian from
david_lamb_:journalist	american from
rob_neyer	american births
farhat_ishtiaq	pakistani births
mikal_sylten	norwegian births
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
maurice_constantin-weyer	french french
gore_vidal	american from
charmaine_cadeau	21st-century canadian novelists
richard_titlebaum	american american
michèle_mailhot	canadian canadian novelists
edith_ranum	norwegian women
rashaan_nall	american male
felicity_dowker	australian from
christopher_bertolini	american male
bruce_eisner	american male
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
haruo_umezaki	south deaths
hagop_oshagan	armenian deaths
otto_eis	austrian deaths
marguerite_young	20th-century women
matt_nix	american television writers
hugh_sebag-montefiore	british births
eugie_foster	american american novelists
frances_hardinge	english of writers missing
matthew_felker	american male
ernst_heilborn	german german
rina_mimoun	american television writers
micki_dickoff	american of birth
claudio_sanchez	american births
bill_oddie	english educated
naeem_mohaiemen	living births
hagop_baronian	armenian deaths
henry_winterfeld	american births
nellie_campobello	mexican women writers
duane_swierczynski	american american novelists
meghan_clyne	american of birth
cameron_duncan	american from
doug_momary	american television
mohamed_adel_abdelaziz	egyptian people
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
anne_henderson	australian from
martha_blum	canadian women
cortney_lance_bledsoe	american women
hank_pellissier	american of writers
patrick_califia	american from
a.m.dellamonica	21st-century canadian short
martin_r._dean	living people
mrs_f._c._patrick	20th-century women novelists
elyse_gasco	canadian canadian novelists
deborah_tall	american women
philip_rosenthal	american television writers
nathan_birnbaum	austrian deaths
gerda_weissmann_klein	american american
glyn_parry_:author	australian births
apuleius	2nd-century romans
husna_ahmad	british of
nevin_halıcı	living people birth
dmitry_gorchakov	russian male
gregg_godfrey	american television
greye_la_spina	american american short
michael_ende	german women
eve_zaremba	canadian women
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
george_ade	american american
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
matt_granfield	australian births
cat_marnell	american from
brian_sibley	english births
antoine_blondin	french male
cate_shortland	australian births
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
carlos_ruiz-tagle	chilean deaths
aziz_nesin	turkish births
rande_gail_brown	american of writers
christophe_naudin	belgian births
oh_kyu-won	south korean
ian_rankin	british of
ragnar_frislid	norwegian norwegian
rex_stout	american from
anna_de_noailles	french french
elisabetta_caminèr_turra	19th-century women
robert_faesi	swiss births
park_hyoung-su	living korean
geneviève_brisac	french french
andrew_klavan	american american
norman_borisoff	american male novelists
eve_zaremba	canadian women
mark_forsyth	english births
harriet_angelina_fortescue	people deaths
boris_aprilov	polish from
natasha_arthy	living births
ilo_mitkë_qafëzezi	albanian albanian
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
choi_in-hun	south korean
helena_araújo	21st-century short
netta_syrett	english english
mary_lavin	irish women
nancy_phelan	20th-century women
igor_guberman	russian male
b.s.mardhekar	indian from
meghan_o'rourke	american women
agnes_herbert	british of
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
martin_lings	english of
marie_majerová	20th-century novelists
deviprasad_dwivedi	indian writers
david_chase	american television
anthony_browne_:author	british of writers
david_zuckerman	american television
anuradha_ramanan	20th-century women
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
aaron_alfandari	people births
eileen_myers	american television writers
elie_wiesel	american american
fernanda_eberstadt	21st-century women novelists
danielle_trussoni	american from
brent_olson	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
maria_pypelinckx	flemish births
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
francis_payne_:author	australian short
daniel_aaron	american of
graham_hurley	english of writers
birgit_zotz	mexican births
charles_barton_:legal_writer	people deaths
maura_murphy	irish deaths
annie_groovie	canadian from
adam_klein_:writer	american male
emma_romeu	australian of
paul-jacques_bonzon	french french writers
antoni_maria_alcover_i_sureda	burmese births
dan_gillmor	american of
c.e.webber	english births
gennifer_hutchison	american television writers
elizabeth_kent_:writer	people women writers
anita_nair	20th-century indian
alison_dolling	australian from
alan_bleasdale	english male
raymond_mortimer	people of
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
dan_brereton	american comics
patrick_califia	american from
mark_elliott_:british_author	living births
paul_boutin	american people
david_biespiel	american from
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
denise_robertson	english of
david_zindell	american american novelists
donna_tartt	american women
nina_arkina	20th-century women writers
pat_condell	english educated
bruce_bawer	american from
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
akif_pirinçci	german from
carla_cassidy	american women novelists
marie_joseph	20th-century romantic novelists
eric_overmyer	american television
amiri_baraka	american from
muhammad_husain_azad	indian from
e.m.ashraf	indian from kerala
brandon_friedman	american from
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
maura_johnston	american women writers
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
hart_amos	australian births
michael_banim	irish deaths
buck_peterson	american of birth
petter_pettersson	norwegian births
pedro_de_morales	15th-century deaths
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
rachakonda_viswanatha_sastry	indian from
cezaro_rossetti	scottish of
randy_boyagoda	canadian from
neal_drinnan	australian short story
edwin_cerio	italian italian
devon_monk	american women novelists
erin_levy	american television birth
colin_harvey_:writer	british of novelists
duncan_regehr	canadian from
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
david_hine	english male
paul_magrs	english science
david_lapham	american comics
deborah_eisenberg	american from
max_gallo	french people
andré_castelot	french male
pío_moa	spanish births
guadalupe_nettel	21st-century women
carl_fredrik_engelstad	dutch births
frédéric_beigbeder	french french
edward_s.aarons	american american novelists
alberto_fuguet	american births
hamid_khan_:lawyer	pakistani births
anatoly_kuznetsov	russian writers
benoît_peeters	french births
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
deborah_colker	brazilian births
henry_james	american male
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
edith_josie	canadian from
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
nugroho_notosusanto	people novelists
david_sheffield	american television
hal_block	american from
rené_balcer	canadian from
barry_webster_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
michael_ruppert	american from
robert_bausch	21st-century american novelists
g.k.govinda_rao	indian of
d.v.gundappa	indian from
gerald_vizenor	american american
fred_bridgland	british of
alain_leroy_locke	american from
heather_macallister	american women novelists
himanish_goswami	indian writers
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
dallas_denny	american births
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
peter_rollins	living from
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
gary_crew	australian births writers
eleanor_wachtel	canadian of
bernard_rudofsky	people deaths
philip_ó_ceallaigh	irish women
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
david_carr_:journalist	american from
elisabeth_augustin	20th-century women
mehdi_azar_yazdi	iranian births
naoko_hayashiba	japanese japanese
michael_lawrence_:writer	living of
normando_hernández_gonzález	living people
moacyr_scliar	brazilian deaths
mario_soldati	italian births
anthony_burgess	english from
cintra_wilson	american women
richard_appignanesi	canadian canadian
maria_popova	american births
chandramathi	indian indian
melissa_salmons	american television writers
hans_krieger	german german
georges_belmont	french french
augusto_de_angelis	italian male
mya_than_tint	burmese births
michael_stewart_:writer	living births
gary_shteyngart	american writers
choi_in-hun	south korean
rachel_shabi	british births
mehrab_ghasem_khani	living people
david_malouf	australian short
richard_reeves_:american_writer	american people
gennifer_choldenko	american women novelists
a.m.homes	american american
arun_krishnan	indian writers is
elizabeth_j.braswell	american of birth
carlo_collodi	italian italian
richard_james_gelles	american of
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
alf_prøysen	norwegian deaths
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
rafael_levaković	dominican deaths
audrey_penn	american of writers
hugh_abercrombie_anderson	canadian from
elizabeth_graver	21st-century american novelists
aaron_cohen_:counterterrorist	american births
allan_de_noronha	indian writers
bas_kast	german male
peter_bieri_:author	living births
paul_glennon	canadian canadian novelists
hilary_corke	english of
anvar_mammadkhanli	ukrainian deaths
henrietta_christian_wright	american children's
george_elliott_:canadian_writer	20th-century canadian novelists
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
charlotte_maria_tucker	19th-century women writers
rebecca_abe	german women writers
raymond_jean	french male
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
olivier_cadiot	french french
freya_north	21st-century women novelists
dhanashree_halbe	filipino births
ellenor_fenn	19th-century women writers
eric_kripke	american television
dorothy_scarborough	american from
pattukkottai_prabakar	indian women
ezio_vendrame	italian births
carolyn_reeder	american women novelists
claire_fox	people of
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
nick_towne	american television writers
marilyn_kaye	living from
amrit_rai	indian from
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
narayan_singh_bhati	indian writers
maria_valtorta	german births
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
maryana_marrash	chuvash deaths
allie_bates	american women novelists
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
alice_chetwynd_ley	english romantic
david_boswell	canadian comics
nathan_edmondson	american comics writers
marie_hermanson	swedish women
mike_benson_:screenwriter	american television writers
efraim_medina_reyes	colombian short
dennis_denisoff	canadian from
pierre_ouellet	canadian canadian novelists
allison_silberberg	american women writers
herbert_huncke	american from
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
chaman_nahal	indian from
frode_grytten	norwegian births
richard_james_gelles	american of
ignacio_ramírez	austrian deaths
fletcher_pratt	american american novelists
e.m.granger_bennett	canadian canadian novelists
charles_dickens	english male
petter_pettersson	norwegian births
gunnel_vallquist	swedish swedish
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
frederick_rolfe	english short
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
don_payne_:writer	american from
gilbert_king_:author	american from
melissa_harris-perry	american from
gheorghe_vodă	moldovan writers
anthony_bidulka	canadian canadian
d.c.kizhakemuri	indian from
chris_allen_:author	australian births
elizabeth_knox	21st-century zealand novelists
fahrettin_çiloğlu	turkish people
bentley_kyle_evans	american television
rhianna_pratchett	english people
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
nikolai_garin-mikhailovsky	russian russian
andrej_blatnik	slovenian from
quim_monzó	spanish births
olwen_wymark	american from
devon_shepard	american television writers
achy_obejas	american american
christine_whelan	american births
boris_schreiber	french deaths
christine_craig	21st-century short
fatima_besnaci-lancou	21st-century women writers
dave_thompson_:author	british births
adriaan_van_meerbeeck	portuguese births
al_weisel	american from
clayton_van_lydegraf	american deaths
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
dorothy_macardle	irish deaths
maurissa_tancharoen	american from
peter_wear	australian people
patricia_wentworth	20th-century women novelists
gayl_jones	20th-century women
daniil_andreyev	russian male
hugo_raes	belgian belgian
george_william_curtis	american american
hart_amos	australian births
dan_flores	american from
giorgio_nurigiani	italian male
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
rebecca_winters	american women novelists
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
muratsan	armenian deaths
dennis_marks_:screenwriter	american television
cullen_bunn	american of birth
franz_jung	people births
milovan_vitezović	serbian of
giovanni_arduino_:author	italian births
barry_pilton	english educated
cuthbert_hamilton-ellis	people deaths
qais_akbar_omar	american people
eriks_ādamsons	20th-century deaths
alaya_dawn_johnson	american women novelists
anna_radius_zuccari	italian births
chris_marker	french male
c.h.sisson	english of
elisa_von_der_recke	german births
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
rita_mae_brown	american american
george_jonas	canadian from
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
andrea_goldsmith	australian women
robert_draper	american births
craig_lancaster	american male
michel_désautels	canadian canadian novelists
akif_pirinçci	german from
evan_katz	american television writers
arthur_bernède	20th-century french
hezekiah_butterworth	american children's
david_horowitz	american from
august_gailit	estonian deaths
augustus_jessopp	english deaths
eliza_sproat_turner	american american
drew_denbaum	american male
miguel_donoso_pareja	brazilian deaths
philip_rosenthal	american television writers
emine_semiye_önasya	turkish writers
melissa_schroeder	american women novelists
george_dicaprio	american births
dennis_denisoff	canadian from
andré_nemec	american television
nick_arnold	british people
pierre_jean_jouve	french french
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
guido_piovene	italian italian
edward_lewes_cutts	english deaths
paula_gosling	21st-century women novelists
elsie_locke	new zealand
george_f.willison	american rican
doon_arbus	american of
francisco_alarcón_estaba	venezuelan births
enzo_siciliano	italian male
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
alfred_masson-forestier	french french
pete_morisi	american comics
charles_garvice	people women writers
alan_lee_:cricket_writer	british births
catherine_storr	20th-century women novelists
margaret_bakkes	south african writers
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
nirmal_verma	indian from
grigory_adamov	russian male
anne_rundle	20th-century romantic fiction
manoj_pandey_:actor	marc deaths was a a writer writer and
gabriel_brizard	year births
michael_carroll_:author	living women
aurora_levins_morales	american american
derek_santos_olson	american television writers
carlo_fruttero	italian births
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
paul_bellini	canadian from
nicholas_luard	people of
rick_remender	american comics
raymond_allen_:scriptwriter	english births
marion_st_john_webb	english women
alexander_tarasov-rodionov	russian male
gwyn_thomas_:novelist	20th-century short
angeliki_palli	italian italian
brian_aldiss	english from
ariel_levy	american american
duncan_weller	canadian canadian novelists
richard_g._rosner	american from
helen_steiner_rice	american women
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
caroline_anderson_:writer	21st-century women novelists
paul_dini	american television writers
arif_ali-shah	british births
mark_hudis	american television writers
gianfranco_clerici	italian male
caterina_edwards	canadian canadian novelists
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
gillian_horvath	american television writers
francisco_manuel_de_mello	italian births
mary_francis_shura	american women novelists
clement_clarke_moore	american from
frank_r.stockton	american from
david_callaham	american births
dayton_duncan	american male
božena_němcová	austrian women
henri_antoine_jules-bois	french deaths
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
anne_devlin_:writer	people of writers
deb_caletti	21st-century women novelists
carlos_labbé	chilean births
fatima_besnaci-lancou	21st-century women writers
benedict_kiely	irish irish
duarte_barbosa	portuguese births
františek_čelakovský	19th-century deaths
ahmad_kamyabi_mask	indian writers
diane_carey	american women novelists
martin_kihn	american university
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
paul_rieckhoff	american from
pete_lacaba	filipino people
alexander_roda_roda	austrian deaths
danny_baker	english educated
mia_couto	20th-century short
hans_braarvig	norwegian deaths
banine	azerbaijani from
andré_bjerke	norwegian norwegian
bill_oakley	american television
anita_bharti	20th-century women writers
allen_varney	american from
neli_kodrič	slovenian from
alex_nunns	michael births is a american writer and and
anita_pratap	indian women writers
benjah	american male
chris_collins_:writer	american television writers
breyten_breytenbach	south african
barbara_albert	austrian male
marjorie_wallace_:sane	british of
harjeet_atwal	indian indian
mateo_frazier	american births
furman_bisher	american from
mathur_krishnamurthy	telugu writers
attia_hosain	indian from
ian_mckay_:writer	british of
elizabeth_tyrwhitt	english of writers
bill_oakley	american television
charles_alden_seltzer	american american novelists
alice_borchardt	american women novelists
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
michael_s._moore	american american novelists
anna-leena_härkönen	20th-century women
benjamín_carrión	20th-century deaths
alexandre_dumas	french french
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
melinda_hsu_taylor	american of writers
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
clare_winger_harris	american american short
musharraf_ali_farooqi	pakistani births
cendrine_wolf	french women writers
mathoor_krishnamurty	indian of
greg_kot	american from
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
elizabeth_lambert	20th-century women novelists
nirmal_verma	indian from
amédée_papineau	19th-century births
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
fernando_gonzález_:writer	cambodian deaths
anthony_burgess	english from
n._s._madhavan	indian male
cornelius_eady	american american
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
rob_long	american television writers
guido_gezelle	flemish from
adel_karasholi	german births
bruce_bawer	american from
peter_grimwade	british television
barry_unsworth	english of
marjorie_morgan	20th-century women writers
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
outi_alanne	living births
bob_schreck	american births
mary_pope_osborne	american women writers
martin_mayer	american people writers
ada_cambridge	australian women
freya_north	21st-century women novelists
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
franz_kafka	austrian births
danuta_gleed	20th-century women novelists
peter_baker_:author	american of
naomi_duguid	canadian people
olen_steinhauer	american american novelists
claire_de_duras	french births
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
minfong_ho	living people
mikhail_samarsky	russian births
heinz_politzer	american jews
reuben_gold_thwaites	american from
andrés_useche	american births
manuel_méndez_ballester	manuel deaths was is an
avram_davidson	american american novelists
david_h.goodman	american television writers
richard_hakluyt	english deaths
barney_simon	south african
george_meniuc	romanian births
elizabeth_thornton	20th-century women novelists
daniel_ivin	croatian births
han_sorya	20th-century births
melesina_trench	irish women
eugenia_kim_:author	21st-century women
panos_koutrouboussis	living people
akash_rajpal	canadian births
anand_teltumbde	indian male
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
armas_äikiä	ukrainian deaths
nick_bakay	american male
bob_forward	american television writers
cynthia_enloe	21st-century women writers
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
carmen_kurtz	spanish births
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
qiu_jin	people births
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
muhammed_azam_didamari	malaysian writers
dick_matena	living births
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
dušan_čater	slovenian from
helen_hooven_santmyer	american american
richard_james_gelles	american of
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
paul_strathern	british writers
françois_rabelais	french male
erik_larsen	american comics
dan_turèll	male births
christopher_levett	english deaths
miriam_roth	american people
rick_husky	american people
ali_smith	20th-century of
megan_ganz	american of birth missing
abdul_aziz_said	american of birth
antoine_bigot	19th-century french
nikephoros_i_of_constantinople	byzantine of
marvin_albert	american american novelists
alison_weir	british of
phil_pepe	american deaths
chad_harbach	american american
arnold_bennett	english male
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
henry_stephens_salt	english of
ezechiel_saad	people writers
ashwin_sanghi	indian women
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
colin_wilson	english english
cao_xueqin	iranian dynasty
edward_gorey	american from
nouritza_matossian	english births
alice_macgowan	american american novelists
marie_majerová	20th-century novelists
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
beno_zupančič	slovenian deaths
mary_hood	american women novelists
carl_solomon	american american
brian_trueman	british television
christina_vella	american from
david_ren	american from
edith_pattou	american women novelists
michael_friscolanti	canadian of
maura_johnston	american women writers
benudhar_rajkhowa	asom from
antonio_ros_de_olano	polish births
debra_anderson	canadian canadian novelists
paula_fox	american women novelists
astrid_roemer	surinamese births
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
rhianna_pratchett	english people
maxence_caron	french french
riad_ismat	syrian of
damion_dietz	american of birth
morris_lurie	australian australian
ian_rowland	year of birth missing
blanche_d'alpuget	20th-century women
nahum_benari	israeli jews
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
amalie_benjamin	american from
r._w._bradford	american from
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
gail_simmons	canadian from
alireza_gholami	iranian births
neil_tolkin	canadian of birth
donna_tartt	american women
anthon_bang	norwegian deaths
barry_cryer	english educated
giannina_braschi	american women
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
anthony_swofford	american from
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
peary_chand_mitra	bengali writers
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
marie_majerová	20th-century novelists
beb_vuyk	20th-century women writers
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
paul_kivel	american of writers
ignacio_ramírez	austrian deaths
conrad_voss_bark	british births
alfredo_seiferheld	male births
dale_brown	american from
natabar_samantaray	indian from
antranig_dzarugian	armenian deaths
chen_ran	20th-century ran
pat_proft	american television
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
brett_borgen	norwegian women
maurice_g._dantec	french french novelists
george_grigore	romanian births
eric_holmes_:videogame_designer	canadian comics is
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
greye_la_spina	american american short
nedžad_ibrišimović	bosnia and
arnold_leibovit	american television
george_harmon_coxe	american american novelists
alex_p_michaels	american of
rajeev_nair	indian film
mary_helen_stefaniak	american of
glenn_gordon_caron	american television writers
merch_bradt_stewart	american from
clifford_bax	english from
norman_grubb	english births
andrew_bovell	australian births
antonio_gallego_gallego	spanish births
patricia_wrede	21st-century women novelists
mya_than_tint	burmese births
mohamed_driss	british of
alberto_bevilacqua	italian italian
g.a.kulkarni	indian from
elsie_johansson	swedish women
panteleimon_romanov	russian short
francesco_scipione,_marchese_di_maffei	italian births
mary_stocks,_baroness_stocks	19th-century deaths
martti_larni	finnish births
ben_sanders_:author	new zealand writers
marguerite_florence_laura_jarvis	people deaths
honobu_yonezawa	japanese short
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
anne_bragance	21st-century women writers
max_simon_ehrlich	american male novelists
edward_storey	people births
anna_bartlett_warner	american from
barbara_bloom	american television writers
mitch_berman	american american novelists
olivier_adam	french french
alfred_h.bill	american american novelists
natasha_walter	living births
nancy_garden	21st-century women writers
david_alan_mack	american of novelists
asrul_sani	indonesian births
delwar_hussain	alumni of
margaret_ashmun	american from
max_gallo	french people
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
dennis_kelly	english male
eduardo_liendo	croatian births
eleanor_millard	canadian canadian short
glendon_swarthout	american american
melissa_lucashenko	australian women
dawn_powell	american american
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
robert_aron	french deaths
omar_abd_al-kafi	egyptian people
cynthia_ozick	american american
bill_ransom	american american short
graham_downs	south african
michelle_king	american television writers
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
adam_shand_:journalist	australian births
franz_borkenau	austrian deaths
alan_barnes_:writer	year of birth
annie_hall_cudlip	english women writers
constantin_stamati	people from
gerard_mckeown	australian births
martin_boyd	australian short
ernest_delahaye	french french
agnes_morley_cleaveland	american women
fyodor_berezin	people of
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
benoît_mouchart	french births
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
grace_hallock	american of death
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
delwar_hussain	alumni of
robert_sellers	living births
pon_kumaran	indian film
noo_saro-wiwa	british of
chandra_free	american comics
andré_álvares_de_almada	dominican deaths
david_orton_:deep_ecology	canadian from
anna_rozen	french french
else_ury	german deaths
ali_smith	20th-century of
rami_ollaik	living people
gordon_waterman_chaplin	american births
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
matthias_politycki	german women
pradeep_sarkar	indian film
fletcher_pratt	american american novelists
elsa_joubert	south african
amos_oz	israeli novelists
bill_odenkirk	american television
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
alexei_perry	canadian of writers
fernando_ponce_de_león	brazilian novelists
robert_frazier_:writer	american science short
bill_willingham	american comics
peter_plantec	american of birth
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
carl_fredrik_engelstad	dutch births
dmitri_prigov	russian male
george_macovescu	romanian from
claude_ribbe	french births
bruce_bawer	american from
norman_rush	american american novelists
robert_gardner_:academic	canadian from
darrell_schweitzer	american american short
bruce_bawer	american from
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
neil_macfarquhar	american of
peter_brimelow	american from
anthony_bidulka	canadian canadian
mark_scott_ricketts	american comics
germain-françois_poullain_de_saint-foix	french deaths
clare_winger_harris	american american short
arja_salafranca	south births
deborah_a.miranda	american american
david_l.hough	american of
alberto_de_meneses_rodrigues	indian from
maurice_dodd	english births
guy_gavriel_kay	canadian from
maurissa_tancharoen	american from
camilla_gibb	21st-century women novelists
priya_a._s	indian indian
danila_comastri_montanari	italian women writers
hedwig_courths-mahler	20th-century women writers
margaret_potter	20th-century romantic novelists
chromatic_:programmer	american people writers
peter_philipp	german german
hugo_raes	belgian belgian
acharya_chatursen_shastri	20th-century male
pete_moore_:science_writer	living people
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
colin_clark_:filmmaker	english of
philip_e._tetlock	canadian of
antonio_ungar	slovenian births
assaf_inbari	israeli novelists
bob_budiansky	american comics
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
hrvoje_hitrec	croatian novelists
eleni_ourani	venezuelan births
christopher_rowley	american american novelists
ben_domenech	american from
aziz_nesin	turkish births
mohammed_arav_bessaoud	2nd-century deaths
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
rajesh_vankar	indian writers
howard_w.bergerson	american from
amanda_havard	american women novelists
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
bob_forward	american television writers
patrick_richardson	british of
antoine_de_rivarol	french french
g.k.chesterton	english male
polyclès_langlois	19th-century deaths
renate_stendhal	american births
may_cutler	canadian women
eustace_budgell	english deaths
arnold_zweig	german of
mikhail_dostoyevsky	russian russian
matt_kindt	american comics
ganjali_sabahi	turkish births
fathia_absie	american film
arnold_bennett	english male
chirlane_mccray	american of
r.chudamani	marc chudamani is a a writer writer and
mohammad-reza_shafiei_kadkani	iranian from
ari_berk	american american novelists
grace_paley	american american
marie_joseph	20th-century romantic novelists
premchand	indian from
ian_la_frenais	english educated at
marguerite_j._gascoigne	20th-century women novelists
arthur_upfield	20th-century from
meri_nana-ama_danquah	living people
nancy_garden	21st-century women writers
george_meniuc	romanian births
anwaar_ahmad	pakistani of
dževad_karahasan	bosnia and
ramsey_campbell	english english
amaresh_misra	telugu of birth missing
bartolomé_pou	spanish deaths
mark_l._van_name	american american short
henri_queffélec	french male
qudrat_ullah_shahab	pakistani of
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
hamilton_mitchell	american film
francine_noël	canadian women novelists
mat_johnson	american from
boudewijn_büch	dutch deaths
norman_corwin	american male novelists
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
marty_feldman	english male
frank_manley	american american
frédéric_martel	french births
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
eric_kaplan	american from
arnold_zweig	german of
gustav_falke	german from
marie_gasquet	french women writers
don_dagradi	american male
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
phil_leslie	american television
raphaële_bidault-waddington	french people
norman_lear	american from
barbara_haworth-attard	canadian children's
dawid_van_lill	south african
pat_condell	english educated
andrzej_sapkowski	20th-century short
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
mike_dash	british writers
christopher_mckitterick	american american short
mark_o'donnell	american from
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
omar_pound	20th-century from
begum_rokeya	20th-century from
craig_hinton	20th-century short
edith_ellis	english women
elizabeth_hoy	people romantic birth missing
christopher_frey	german from
charles-ferdinand_ramuz	people from
bob_schreck	american births
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
dan_rhodes	people of
ginia_bellafante	american from
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
elsa_triolet	russian women
mohammad_moniruzzaman	bengali of
cheon_sang-byeong	people deaths
anita_pratap	indian women writers
guy_gavriel_kay	canadian from
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
cass_pennant	english male
phiroz_mehta	people of
ian_frazier	american from
graham_sleight	english science fiction
es'kia_mphahlele	south african
quentin_crisp	english male
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
mbongeni_ngema	south births
eric_boehlert	american of birth
erich_ebermayer	german male
bruce_bawer	american from
catherine_ann_dorset	people women writers
henriette_mantel	american from
renee_roszel	21st-century women novelists
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
märta_helena_reenstierna	swedish swedish
marguerite_henry	american women novelists
andrey_aldan-semenov	russian russian
elisha_cooper	american of
carlos_monsiváis	mexican births
david_goodis	american american novelists
paul_genesse	american american
henry_thomas_mackenzie_bell	english deaths
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
c.radhakrishnan	indian male
marjana_gaponenko	mexican women
evelyn_waugh	english of
ernest_kinoy	american from
rajendra_banhatti	living births
maude_robinson	maude deaths
mohamed_chafik	living births
patrick_califia	american from
charles_d'ambrosio	american of workshop
ali_bey_huseynzade	azerbaijani deaths
brinsley_macnamara	irish deaths
park_min-gyu	south korean
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
penelope_hobhouse	english of
brett_halliday	american american
c.austin_miles	people deaths
ahlam_mosteghanemi	people births
ester_wier	american women
david_x.cohen	american television
michel_verne	french french novelists
michael_jacobs	american television
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
erich_loest	german from
eldridge_cleaver	american from
araceli_aipoh	people of
gita_mehta	indian from
anthony_eaton	australian australian novelists
mary_austin_holley	american births
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
caroline_anderson_:writer	21st-century women novelists
muhsin_al-ramli	iranian people
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
michael_krüger_:writer	german women
gyles_brandreth	english of
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
hank_kanalz	american of birth
margaret_maddocks	20th-century women novelists
burnie_burns	american male
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
edward_pasewicz	polish deaths
henri_queffélec	french male
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
richard_rubin_:writer	american from
benjamín_carrión	20th-century deaths
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
hryhorii_epik	ukrainian of
charles_fort	american american
dacia_maraini	italian women
faranak_margolese	american people
carol_bishop-gwyn	canadian women
agnes_herbert	british of
fiona_mcgregor	australian women writers
artur_augusto_da_silva	cape verdean
robert_m.pirsig	american from
mario_soldati	italian births
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
ian_la_frenais	english educated at
r._s._mugali	indian from
marita_bonner	american american
chris_kelly_:writer	american of
abdul_wahid_nazari	living births
arun_krushnaji_kamble	indian births
dilman_dila	ugandan women
robert_l.washington_iii	american comics
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
antonio_ros_de_olano	polish births
george_nafziger	american from
ritam_chowdhury	living people
robert_musil	20th-century women
dan_harmon	american television
maud_de_belleroche	21st-century women writers
guadalupe_nettel	21st-century women
muhammed_azam_didamari	malaysian writers
bogart_rogers	american from
andrey_dashkov	people of
don_southerton	american births
richard_euringer	german male
bernard_gheur	belgian births
david_h.goodman	american television writers
dr.seuss	american from
bohdan_pawłowicz	israeli deaths
erik_wolpaw	year of birth
richard_russell_:dow_theory	american from
emma_haché	canadian canadian novelists
bjørnstjerne_bjørnson	norwegian norwegian
gleb_uspensky	russian male
matthew_gavin_frank	american births
alison_joseph	21st-century women novelists
david_chase	american television
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
mort_todd	living people
henry_blue_kline	american american
deborah_biancotti	australian women writers
ota_pavel	austrian births
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
carla_cassidy	american women novelists
neela_padmanabhan	indian writers
mary_pope_osborne	american women writers
robert_lopez_:writer	american people writers
david_hillenbrand	american births
alicia_sheridan_lefanu	19th-century women
mark_waid	american comics
gertrude_barrows_bennett	american american fiction
maria_aurora_couto	indian women
cathy_williams	women of fiction
george_dicaprio	american births
elhadi_adam	people deaths
douglas_murray_:author	people of
chandra_kumar_agarwala	asom from
mukhtar_shakhanov	living writers
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
maxime_du_camp	french french
nina_burleigh	american of
donna_andrews_:author	american women novelists
paul_collins_:fantasy_writer	australian people
david_horowitz	american from
edith_bruck	20th-century women
adel_al-hussain	american births
danielle_trussoni	american from
benjamin_demott	american from
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
mark_o'donnell	american from
clive_matthew-wilson	australian births
rachel_abrams	american births
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
petre_popa	living people
a.r.krishnashastry	indian from
reginald_hudlin	american film
naresh_mehta	indian writers
richard_hooker_:author	american from
donald_clarke_:writer	american births
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
deborah_eisenberg	american from
cherríe_moraga	american american
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
margaret_ashmun	american from
brian_michael_bendis	american from
priya_a._s	indian indian
paula_pell	american television writers
rachel_abrams	american births
dennis_eichhorn	american from
dinakara_desai	indian from
bev_sellars	canadian women writers
mike_yaconelli	american deaths
carl_van_vechten	american from
graham_swift	english male
david_gurr	20th-century canadian novelists
peter_seabrook	english educated
r._c._lehmann	people of
omar_abd_al-kafi	egyptian people
mark_ellis_:author	living people
angelina_muñiz-huberman	mexican women
margery_allingham	20th-century women novelists
bo_goldman	american from
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
octavio_paz	mexican women
arthur_bradford	american american
martha_wells	american american novelists
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
haki_stërmilli	19th-century deaths
maryana_marrash	chuvash deaths
anatoly_kuznetsov	russian writers
breda_smolnikar	slovenian from
avdo_karabegović	bosnia and
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
bertrand_besigye	norwegian norwegian
brian_keenan_:writer	people of
geoffrey_archer_:writer	english births
edna_mayne_hull	20th-century women novelists
milo_manara	living births
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
fausta_garavini	italian italian
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
alain_chedanne	french births
andrew_henderson_:writer	scottish births
ali_smith	20th-century of
alexander_tarasov-rodionov	russian male
andy_winter	year of birth
peter_kosminsky	english male
ray_connolly	british births
panagiotis_kondylis	20th-century writers
alexander_goldstein_:writer	russian novelists
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
david_charles_manners	british writers
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
alan_bradley_:writer	21st-century from
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
martin_walser	german from
andrew_montford	british of birth
nick_arnold	british people
christian_gudegast	year of birth missing
diana_hamilton	women romantic fiction
potturi_vijayalakshmi	living people
mary_lamb	19th-century women
richard_e._kim	american writers
mark_sable	american comics
robert_gottlieb	american from
britta_gröndahl	20th-century women
matija_bećković	serbian of
robert_d.cardona	american television
durga_charan_mohanty	indian from
robert_thomas_:director	people male
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
edith_ellis	english women
daniel_aaron	american of
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
mohammed_khadeer_babu	indian writers
richard_zenith	mexican women
dominique_de_roux	french births
etienne_leroux	south deaths
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
g.herbert_sallans	canadian canadian novelists
carol_severance	american women novelists
nelson_algren	american american
charlie_coffey_:writer	american television
per_ahlmark	swedish of
ramaranjan_mukherji	indian writers
hala_misrati	australian births
diane_ruggiero	american television writers
peggy_payne	american births
maureen_howard	american american
derrick_white_:politician	people of
pearl_s.buck	michael j. is is an writer writer and and
nguyễn_ngọc_ngạn	canadian from
guy_de_maupassant	french french
rachel_shabi	british births
eric_tunney	canadian from
rené_de_ceccatty	french french novelists
dennis_o'neil	american comics
richard_tomkins	british of
matt_warburton	american television
p-p_hartnett	21st-century short
christina_crawford	american women writers
martin_lings	english of
aonghas_macneacail	scottish births
ben_hamper	american from
michael_mclaverty	irish irish
nat_gertler	american comics
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
elizabeth_knox	21st-century zealand novelists
daniel_tammet	english of
dan_rhodes	people of
curt_goetz	german male
mary_kay_zuravleff	american american
gustav_wied	male male
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
hugh_b.cave	english english
p._craig_russell	american comics
morgan_bell	australian from
connie_glaser	american from
a.a.phillips	australian from
carl_wilhelm_böttiger	swedish swedish
antónio_aurélio_gonçalves	cape verdean
robert_calvert	south african
arthur_upfield	20th-century from
renan_demirkan	spanish from
park_solhee	living people
danielle_walker	american women
naomi_novik	american american novelists
henry_baum	american from
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
germaine_greer	australian from
aijaz_ahmad_mangi	pakistani births
adolph_freiherr_knigge	german deaths
margaret_randall	american from
elbert_hubbard	american from
nathan_burgoine	canadian canadian novelists
guy_de_maupassant	french french
alexander_sheller	russian deaths
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
pete_morisi	american comics
dominic_green_:writer_and_musician	australian births
gerit_quealy	american from
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
renji_panicker	indian film
bhudev_mukhopadhyay	bengali from
ann_mcgovern	american women
douglas_kenney	american from
christine_adamo	french women writers
denis_johnson	american american
burton_berinsky	american births
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
david_kalstone	american from
berta_bojetu	slovenian from
buddhadeb_guha	bengali writers
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
dahvi_waller	canadian from writers
mark_richard	american from
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
alexander_prokhanov	russian writers
buz_kohan	american television
mike_dash	british writers
max_ehrmann	american births
craig_hickman	american from
eddie_chuculate	american from
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
patricia_bernard	21st-century women writers
milt_larsen	american people
françois_sonkin	french french novelists
ann_marcus	american from
alfred_jarry	french french
greg_garrett_:writer	american of
niko_nikoladze	ecuadorian novelists
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
per_ahlmark	swedish of
barton_paul_levenson	american american short
danny_casolaro	american from
g.k.chesterton	english male
cedar_sigo	american american
alice_dayrell_caldeira_brant	brazilian deaths
geoffrey_dennis	english births
paul_levitz	american comics
herman_rosenblat	american deaths
halil_jaçellari	albanian short
cary_lu	american births
alaya_dawn_johnson	american women novelists
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
henry_bérenger	people deaths
dagon_taya	burmese births
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
rafe_champion	australian births
brian_trench	british births
paul_strathern	british writers
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
bjarte_breiteig	norwegian births
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
c.b.colby	american from
babasaheb_purandare	indian deaths
candice_millard	american of
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
gregory_orfalea	american people
dionciel_armstrong	american film
geoff_thompson_:writer	british births
annette_lapointe	canadian women
frank_o'hara	american from
donald_hinds	alumni of
gérard_klein	french births fiction
andrés_useche	american births
michael_krüger_:writer	german women
guy_gavriel_kay	canadian from
eliette_abécassis	french women writers
georges_belmont	french french
monica_ali	british women
barbara_leonie_picard	20th-century women writers
chantal_thomas	french women writers
alberto_bevilacqua	italian italian
marieke_hardy	australian births
cecilio_acosta	venezuelan deaths
neil_druckmann	american comics
arthur_bernède	20th-century french
maureen_howard	american american
daniel_dickey	american of
henry_j.latham_:writer	year of birth
carlos_baker	american from
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
monica_edwards	20th-century women writers
hovhannes_tumanyan	armenian armenian
boris_movilă	moldovan writers
mary_jo_foley	american bloggers
atis_kronvalds	people deaths
catherine_hermary-vieille	french women
paula_pell	american television writers
penelope_wallace	people deaths
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
eric_wilson_:suspense_writer	american of
anita_bharti	20th-century women writers
mark_danner	american from
peter_bichsel	living births
george_saunders	american from
gerbrand_bakker_:novelist	dutch dutch
dinesh_chandra_sen	bengali deaths
aileen_fisher	american from
manuel_da_fonseca	manuel writers
colin_duriez	british writers
david_heneker	english deaths
božidar_novak	singaporean births
astrid_roemer	surinamese births
gary_russell	english male
michel_désautels	canadian canadian novelists
frances_paige	21st-century women novelists
david_quinn_:writer	american comics
fredrika_bremer	swedish swedish
francisco_herrera_luque	20th-century novelists
herbert_meier	people of
märta_helena_reenstierna	swedish swedish
pattukkottai_prabakar	indian women
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
phil_gladwin	living births
rajanikanta_bordoloi	asom from
abdul_muis	2nd-century births
christine_craig	21st-century short
dave_hood	american male
richard_mark_elson	living people
andrés_henestrosa	mexican births
mieko_kawakami	living births
mary_francis_shura	american women novelists
gregory_austin_mcconnell	american male
ardeshir_irani	indian film
david_chase	american television
grazia_deledda	italian women
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
fannie_pearson_hardy_eckstorm	american deaths
george_joseph_gustave_masson	english deaths
edem_awumey	canadian canadian
charles_belfoure	american from novelists
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
margery_allingham	20th-century women novelists
celia_thaxter	american american
bruce_bawer	american from
michael_lemonick	american people
paul_levinson	american american
antony_jay	people of
maria_antònia_oliver_cabrer	spanish writers
michael_j._arlen	american from
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
dorothy_nolte	american women
hryhorii_epik	ukrainian of
brenda_jagger	20th-century romantic novelists
frank_skinner	english educated
dave_eggers	american american
héctor_zumbado	male short
dmitry_begichev	russian deaths
colleen_gleason	american women novelists
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
daphne_clair	20th-century women novelists
nella_bielski	french french writers
quentin_crisp	english male
amanda_havard	american women novelists
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
eleanor_farnes	place of birth missing
matthew_reinhart	american people
g.k.chesterton	english male
augusto_monterroso	guatemalan short
ralph_fletcher	american american
eric_overmyer	american television
frederick_rolfe	english short
nastaran_akhavan	living people
rae_earl	english women
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
ginette_anfousse	canadian women writers
martín_solares	mexican women
delia_grigore	romanian from
edward_fox_:author	american from
hagar_wilde	american american novelists
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
anjum_anand	british of
carlo_dossi	italian deaths
charles_dryden	american from
antonio_muñoz_molina	spanish births
hanne_ørstavik	21st-century women writers
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
charles_quentin_fernie_pope	new zealand
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
mary_alice_downie	canadian women writers
countess_dash	french french writers
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
ntone_edjabe	living births
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
milly_witkop	german births
catherine_mavrikakis	canadian canadian novelists
dale_smith_:writer	english male
charles_d'ambrosio	american of workshop
giovanni_battista_cavalcaselle	italian italian
curt_gentry	american from
anatole_broyard	american from
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
excilia_saldaña	21st-century women
mike_grell	american comics
edith_b.price	american from
barbara_kesel	american comics
mike_leigh	english male
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
charles_steggall	english deaths
guri_vesaas	norwegian norwegian writers
michel_onfray	french french
robert_damon_schneck	year of birth
adolf_fischhof	people male
olly_mann	english male
aron_eli_coleite	american television writers
max_huwyler	living people
crane_wilbur	american from
maurice_mierau	canadian from
elie_wiesel	american american
henry_lawson	australian women
mircea_damian	romanian romanian
diana_morgan_:novelist	american of novelists
erica_messer	american television writers
christy_brown	irish deaths
ram_shankar_tripathi	indian writers
nelson_algren	american american
charlie_rubin	american television writers
michael_fitzgerald_page	australian children's
antonio_skármeta	chilean jews
george_tofan	romanian from
margaret_mayo_:novelist	english women novelists
fatou_diome	living births
maria_semyonova	russian people
douglas_e.wright	canadian from
rajeev_nair	indian film
natalie_minardi_slater	american television writers
alain_farah	canadian canadian
carol_emshwiller	american american short
barbro_lindgren	swedish women
robert_bloch	american american novelists
narinder_singh_kapoor	living people
arthur_golden	american from
collin_wilcox_:writer	american american novelists
olufemi_terry	people leonean novelists
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
charles_corm	dutch deaths
remo_forlani	french male
gerda_weissmann_klein	american american
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
charles_howe_:writer	people deaths
gwendoline_butler	20th-century women novelists
ian_la_frenais	english educated at
nayantara_sahgal	indian women
a.a.phillips	australian from
fiston_mwanza_mujila	21st-century women
andrés_henestrosa	mexican births
milan_paroški	serbian of
r._chandru	indian film
maria_corsini	italian births
paul_h._bruske	american deaths
abdul_qayum_:imam	british births
darnell_l.moore	american of
mary_hennell	19th-century women writers
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
andrei_bitov	russian male
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
peter_brown_:illustrator	american births
qudrat_ullah_shahab	pakistani of
douglas_adams	english from
claude_mckay	people people
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
carlos_noguera	venezuelan births
darril_fosty	canadian of
dan_lusthaus	american of
paulo_setúbal	brazilian births
alain_farah	canadian canadian
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
pero_budmani	serbian serbian
hovik_vardoumian	armenian deaths
gail_simone	american comics
philip_k._dick	american american
bryan_elsley	british births
paul_avila_mayer	american television
robert_h.abel	american american short
deborah_kimmett	21st-century women novelists
benedict_kiely	irish irish
annamarie_jagose	21st-century women
mary_de_morgan	19th-century women
panteleimon_kulish	ukrainian deaths
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
cherríe_moraga	american american
niel_bushnell	english births
myles_wilder	american television
giorgio_pressburger	italian male
dahlia_lithwick	canadian of birth
barry_n.malzberg	american american novelists
bhudev_mukhopadhyay	bengali from
claude_bourdet	german from
mavis_biesanz	20th-century deaths
charles_o'conor_:historian	people births
pero_budmani	serbian serbian
anna_sheehan	21st-century women novelists
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
george_nafziger	american from
hella_haasse	20th-century women
elsie_locke	new zealand
carlos_labbé	chilean births
mary_hazelton_blanchard_wade	american from
edward_mcwade	american male
genevieve_foster	american from
rachel_axler	american television birth
morris_beckman_:writer	english births
mohammed_arav_bessaoud	2nd-century deaths
mitchell_burgess	american television writers
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
rob_worley	american from
gianfranco_clerici	italian male
c.e.webber	english births
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
don_perrin	canadian from
casey_plett	canadian canadian
margaret_cushing_osgood	american american
milan_kundera	20th-century births
anton_gill	english births
edith_josie	canadian from
mike_berenstain	american people
ian_la_frenais	english educated at
morten_korch	male short
rick_kennett	australian people
arnold_bennett	english male
rob_nanninga	dutch deaths
henry_gréville	19th-century deaths
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
aravind_adiga	20th-century births
mike_leigh	english male
allan_sealy	indian from
colum_mccann	american from
norman_lowell	living births
randy_boyagoda	canadian from
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
n._m._browne	english women writers
pietari_päivärinta	finnish births
eric_simonson	american male
alessandro_ghebreigziabiher	italian male
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
candy_dawson_boyd	american from
robert_karjel	living births
maura_penders	american television writers
mario_mendoza_zambrano	colombian short
carole_l.glickfeld	american of
henry_r.evans	american from
alberto_fuguet	american births
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
rebecca_hanover	american television writers
alexander_mazin	russian births
pierre_ouellet	canadian canadian novelists
frédéric_dieudonné	french film
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
michele_val_jean	american television writers
grazia_deledda	italian women
alexander_tarasov-rodionov	russian male
eugie_foster	american american novelists
august_mälk	estonian deaths
anjum_anand	british of
dan_mcdaid	british births
emmanuel_bove	french male
milan_mirić	croatian novelists
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
bahadir_kaleagasi	turkish births
michael_sledge	american male
aino_malmberg	people births
percival_everett	american american
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
niko_nikoladze	ecuadorian novelists
henry_james	american male
eduard_uspensky	russian male
fridtjov_søiland_birkeli	people deaths
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
dorothy_allison	american women
plum_johnson	canadian canadian writers
dawn_o'porter	british births
howard_white_:writer	canadian from
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
margret_kopala	canadian from
adolf_uzarski	german deaths
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
henri_lopès	people of the of of
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
evgenia_tur	russian short
anne_hollingsworth_wharton	american deaths
delia_grigore	romanian from
annabelle_white	new zealand writers
brian_dunning_:author	american male
gary_north_:journalist	american of
eric_muspratt	australian from
francesco_falconi	italian births
carlos_moore_:writer	mexican births
gustav_wied	male male
moinul_ahsan_saber	bangladeshi people
akif_pirinçci	german from
robert_gardner_:academic	canadian from
alexander_mazin	russian births
elizabeth_harrison_:writer	english births novelists
elliot_greenebaum	american from
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
marita_fossum	21st-century norwegian novelists
fang_zhouzi	american births
clara_de_chatelain	19th-century deaths
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
noëlle_châtelet	french people
patrick_mchale_:artist	american male
aimé_martin	french male
forrest_crissey	american from
anne-marie_cazalis	french women writers
bernard_maclaverty	scottish of
richard_hakluyt	english deaths
mulumba_ivan_matthias	ugandan women
dan_amrich	american from
andrew_klavan	american american
marie_sizun	living people
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
michael_j._weithorn	american television
armitage_trail	american american novelists
george_urban	people deaths
alfonso_gumucio_dagron	20th-century from
noel_loomis	american from
ahmad_bashir	pakistani from
chintha_ravi	indian male
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
rebecca_abe	german women writers
aaron_elkins	american american novelists
clive_barker	lgbt male
paul_mccusker	american from
paul_mccusker	american from
frankétienne	haitian dramatists
mary_kennedy	irish births
bill_conall	canadian canadian
norman_ward	canadian from
bernadette_hall	new zealand novelists
mickey_z	american from
graham_joyce	english births
daniel_espartaco_sánchez	syrian births
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
ping_lu	21st-century women
miguel_otero_silva	20th-century from
robert_palm	living of birth
norman_lear	american from
matt_wagner	american comics
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
gustav_wied	male male
basil_wells	american american short
arnold_zweig	german of
peter_baker_:author	american of
anahareo	canadian from
olga_shapir	russian short
al_boasberg	american from
domingo_del_monte	austrian women
pacho_o'donnell	argentine births
colin_wilson	english english
anthony_burgess	english from
richard_c._meredith	american american short
besnik_mustafaj	people male
augusta_stevenson	american women writers
franz_gehring	german deaths
iain_levison	american levison
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
graeme_k.talboys	english births
bill_ransom	american american short
carlos_manuel_de_céspedes_y_quesada	people births
alan_armstrong	american american novelists
abraham_eraly	indian writers
alan_bradley_:writer	21st-century from
odveig_klyve	norwegian norwegian
eliza_sproat_turner	american american
mary_somerville	19th-century women
marvin_albert	american american novelists
amalie_benjamin	american from
daniel_abraham_:author	american american novelists
marc_edward_heuck	marc j. is is an writer writer and and
amina_mama	21st-century of
anna_holmes	american of
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
danielle_walker	american women
amos_oz	israeli novelists
alison_uttley	english births
bill_nuss	place of birth
robert_blees	american from
philip_e._tetlock	canadian of
franklin_d.mcdowell	canadian canadian novelists
buzz_dixon	american comics
orde_m._coombs	american from
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
ernesto_sabato	argentine births
marion_bloem	21st-century women
narayan_govind_chapekar	indian from
glaydah_namukasa	ugandan women
eric_kaplan	american from
evan_wright	american from
margo_glantz	mexican women
olaus_magnus	16th-century deaths
fazil_iskander	russian short
douglas_kent_hall	american from
arvid_nelson	american of birth
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
marijo_moore	american from
colleen_gleason	american women novelists
gayl_jones	20th-century women
camilla_gibb	21st-century women novelists
norman_hapgood	american from
augusten_burroughs	lgbt from
edmond_hamilton	american comics
nora_bossong	german women
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
matthias_politycki	german women
pam_conrad	american of
i.k.k.menon	indian indian
mridula_garg	indian writers
gerald_w.page	american american short
donna_kossy	american women
fahrettin_çiloğlu	turkish people
grace_mann_brown	american deaths
glenn_eichler	american television writers
peter_wells_:filmmaker	new of
alberto_de_noronha	indian from
philippe_besson	21st-century from
david_a.moss	american from
bill_ransom	american american short
margaret_yorke	20th-century births novelists
paul_merton	english male
edith_ranum	norwegian women
maurice_g._dantec	french french novelists
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
hazem_farraj	american people
colin_wilson	english english
robert_bausch	21st-century american novelists
otto_tausig	austrian male
cynthia_ozick	american american
aline_valangin	swiss births
penny_jordan	20th-century women novelists
helen_frost	american women writers
erik_orton	american from
audrey_penn	american of writers
georgi_pulevski	people deaths
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
patrick_deville	french french
berton_roueché	american from
maureen_howard	american american
mavor_moore	canadian male
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
pedro_garcía_cabrera	spanish male
amanda_kyle_williams	american women novelists
mithileshwar	living people
charles_victor_de_bonstetten	people births
mazarine_pingeot	french french
mavis_biesanz	20th-century deaths
alberto_barrera_tyszka	croatian novelists
helena_araújo	21st-century short
michael_markowitz	american male
dmitri_savitski	russian writers
patrick_califia	american from
alexandr_aksakov	imperial russian
om_raut	indian births
benjah	american male
aymeric_chauprade	french male
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
brenda_jagger	20th-century romantic novelists
hedda_zinner	german of
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
nigoghos_sarafian	armenian deaths
glyn_moody	year of birth missing
david_eddie	canadian from
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
adam_kotsko	american from
nella_bielski	french french writers
nathan_burrage	australian short story
cat_marnell	american from
iain_aitch	british of birth
nahoko_uehashi	japanese births
bohumil_hrabal	austrian births
festus_iyayi	nigerian births
eudora_welty	american american
hilary_bell_:writer	australian births
anil_gupta	british births
christine_piper	australian from
benjamin_odell_:producer	american male
david_gaider	canadian game dragons
richard_montanari	american american novelists
gladys_lucy_adshead	irish births
fiona_mcgregor	australian women writers
ellen_hollond	19th-century women writers
matthew_yglesias	american people
radovan_ivšić	croatian novelists
gayl_jones	20th-century women
peter_o'donnell	english from
berta_bojetu	slovenian from
charles_perez	american from
dwayne_wayans	american male
philippe_de_commines	french male
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
peter_david	american from novelists
eric_tunney	canadian from
enid_blyton	20th-century women novelists
patrick_carman	american from
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
eoghan_mahony	american television birth
alexis_wright	australian women
michael_s._moore	american american novelists
nikolai_karonin-petropavlovsky	russian male
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
brian_aldiss	english from
brett_matthews	american television writers
daphne_phelps	british writers
paul_stewart_:writer	english of birth
alojzy_lysko	people from
george_william_johnson_:writer	english deaths
noy_holland	american from
david_goodis	american american novelists
florida_friebus	american from
maximilian_kravkov	people deaths
dorothea_ann_thrupp	people births
rich_johnston	year of birth
diane_burroughs	american television writers
fred_bodsworth	canadian from
mike_w.barr	michael j. is is an writer writer and and
anni_swan	finnish women
robert_olen_butler	american american
elizabeth_burgoyne_corbett	19th-century deaths
marjorie_celona	21st-century women novelists
bentley_kyle_evans	american television
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
reginald_reynolds	scottish births
brian_andreas	american american
ilya_tolstoy	russian russian
abul_bashar	indian writers
eulalie_spence	american american
patrick_meighan_:writer	american television writers
robert_svoboda	american from
evan_katz	american television writers
hugo_dittberner	german german
antonio_muñoz_molina	spanish births
charles_mudede	american from
chromatic_:programmer	american people writers
pilín_león	living births
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
craig_rosebraugh	american births
dan_goldman	american comics
pj_manney	21st-century women
paul_glennon	canadian canadian novelists
flannery_o'connor	american american
rajanikanta_bordoloi	asom from
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
adam_elliot	australian births
richard_rive	20th-century african
mary_martha_sherwood	english women writers
mika_waltari	finnish births
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
brett_harvey_:director	year of birth
per_roger_lauritzen	living births
eve_bunting	australian women writers
frank_spotnitz	american television writers
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
mark_ames	american births
eraldo_pecci	american fiorentina
pyun_hye-young	south korean
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
federico_gamboa	mexican deaths
colin_blumenau	british television
harold_brodkey	american from
christiane_akoua_ekué	french births
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
melanie_walsh	living women writers
daniel_dickey	american of
angela_bianchini	italian women
maría_dueñas	spanish women
gunnel_linde	people births
enrique_larreta	argentine births
rituparna_basu	living from
dmytro_dontsov	ukrainian deaths
claude_bessy_:writer	french male
henri_nathansen	male male
hanna_johansen	swiss births
bruce_helford	american television writers
radhika_herzberger	indian writers
daniel_t.thomsen	american television birth
hrishikesh_sulabh	indian male
bruce_jones_:comics	american male short
don_escudero	people deaths
matthew_weiner	american television
alda_merini	italian women writers
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
basil_wells	american american short
arif_ali-shah	british births
connie_willis	american american novelists
günter_wallraff	german births
brian_c.anderson	american of birth missing
edmond_hoyle	english deaths
mohan_deep	living people
mireille_marokvia	french women
marie-louise_gay	canadian from
eric_rohmann	american from
herminie_templeton_kavanagh	english english
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
georgi_karaslavov	people deaths
hélène_rioux	canadian women
frederick_guthrie	british of
allen_barnett_:writer	american from
derviš_sušić	bosnia and herzegovina
mike_albo	american from
anne_bishop	american women novelists
gaston_de_pawlowski	french french
chandramathi	indian indian
mike_wolfer	living people birth
nick_flynn	american male
p._schuyler_miller	american american short
halil_jaçellari	albanian short
ian_mckay_:writer	british of
dolores_alexander	american from
eric_hansen_:travel_writer	american of birth
christiane_akoua_ekué	french births
archibald_gracie_iv	american from
donna_kossy	american women
dava_sobel	american of
geoffrey_atherden	australian of writers
alfred_jarry	french french
elmer_clifton	american male
maria_aurora_couto	indian women
rob_st.john	english births
anne_wingate	american from novelists
farley_mowat	canadian from
davor_domazet-lošo	turkish writers
alexander_macleod_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
franz_douskey	american american novelists
eric_liu	american from
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
alasdair_gray	british of
paul_s._dunkin	american from
brian_trueman	british television
gail_gibbons	american of writers
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
edith_pattou	american women novelists
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
charles_officer	canadian from
arthur_morrison	english english
dror_mishani	israeli novelists
frank_moorhouse	australian short
helen_walsh	english male
dinesh_chandra_sen	bengali deaths
cass_pennant	english male
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
emmanuel_bourdieu	french french
peter_seabrook	english educated
dean_lorey	american television
célestine_hitiura_vaite	21st-century women
greg_egan	australian from
per_roger_lauritzen	living births
florjan_lipuš	slovenian from
david_rakoff	american american
adolfo_costa_du_rels	german male
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
phyllis_chesler	american from
antonio_pennacchi	italian italian
mark_hudis	american television writers
afonso_arinos	brazilian deaths
alfred_masson-forestier	french french
abul_fazal_:writer	bengali births
robert_harling_:writer	american male
maureen_jennings	21st-century women writers
gwynne_williams	year of birth missing
gisbert_haefs	german women
angela_arney	year of birth missing
bill_kaysing	american births
phil_ford_:writer	british television
carl_van_vechten	american from
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
dominick_dunne	american from
clyde_bruckman	american film
barbu_ștefănescu_delavrancea	romanian from
arun_krushnaji_kamble	indian births
andy_borowitz	american from
robert_olen_butler	american american
pauline_johnson	canadian women
henri_lopès	people of the of of
carol_severance	american women novelists
i.dragoslav	romanian short
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
dan_wickline	american from
h.rider_haggard	english male
marjorie_celona	21st-century women novelists
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
mary_eliza_fullerton	australian women writers
matthew_ryan_hoge	american film
arif_ali-shah	british births
carlos_franz	chilean births
hassan_poladi	living births
dan_goor	american television
natalya_baranskaya	russian short
edith_pattou	american women novelists
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
richard_stirling	english of
d.scott_rogo	american births
alma_katsu	21st-century women novelists
nikolai_virta	russian male
douglas_a.blackmon	american from
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
arthur_c.clarke	english from
alissa_nutting	21st-century of novelists
matthew_jacobs	living people
mary_cappello	american of
amy_peikoff	american from
heather_donahue	american from
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
max_kase	american from
dorothy_whipple	english deaths
nicola_palazzo	italian births
aya_goda	japanese births
monica_sone	american from
namini_subrahmanyam_naidu	living people
michel_désautels	canadian canadian novelists
anne_bishop	american women novelists
matthew_pitts	american television writers
frank_manley	american american
gail_simmons	canadian from
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
panteleimon_kulish	ukrainian deaths
andrej_hieng	slovenian from
meredith_sue_willis	american women novelists
percival_everett	american american
annamarie_jagose	21st-century women
nathan_filer	british births
eleanor_clymer	american from
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
aya_tanimura	australian women writers
elizabeth_kata	australian women
cheryl_kaye_tardif	canadian women writers
may_cutler	canadian women
dan_morgan_:writer	english births
ayodhya_prasad_upadhyay	indian deaths
midori_:author	american from
benjamin_demott	american from
giddens_ko	people deaths
don_novello	american male
pilín_león	living births
cristin_o'keefe_aptowicz	american from
p._c._wren	english births
barbu_ștefănescu_delavrancea	romanian from
giorgio_van_straten	italian italian
françois_rabelais	french male
harry_bernstein	american from
mel_tolkin	american male
florence_ashton_marshall	english deaths
andrej_hieng	slovenian from
guru_prasad_mainali	20th-century novelists
gene_deweese	american american novelists
germaine_greer	australian from
paulo_mendes_campos	male births
arthur_bernède	20th-century french
robert_kanigher	american comics
aurelio_espinosa_pólit	20th-century novelists
c.v.sreeraman	indian male
gunilla_lundgren	swedish women
baltasar_lopes_da_silva	cape verdean
carol_weston	american from
guillermo_meneses	venezuelan births
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
david_bezmozgis	canadian from
henry_halsey_noyes	american from
brian_aldiss	english from
brian_hargrove	american television
arjun_singh_sethi	american of
nikolaos_kontopoulos	people deaths
maria_lima	american women novelists
andrew_bovell	australian births
fariba_vafi	iranian births
amanda_lohrey	20th-century women
george_calderon	english of
brynne_chandler	20th-century women novelists
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
peter_weiss	german from
hinemoana_baker	south african
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
oskar_rosenfeld	austrian jews
daur_nachkebia	year of birth missing
david_pinski	20th-century deaths
amrita_pritam	indian from
alphonse_de_châteaubriant	french french
peter_david	american from novelists
gwendoline_butler	20th-century women novelists
han_malsook	south writers
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
paul_theroux	american from
grazia_deledda	italian women
bruno_schulz	polish male
mikhail_artsybashev	russian male
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
gunnar_staalesen	norwegian women novelists
martina_cole	english births
ernest_kinoy	american from
dawn_o'porter	british births
pedro_balmaceda	ecuadorian deaths
erich_ebermayer	german male
caroline_dale_snedeker	american from
harald_parigger	german women writers
melanie_walsh	living women writers
andrei_zarin	russian russian
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
eduard_vilde	estonian from
richard_hooker_:author	american from
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
carl_fredrik_engelstad	dutch births
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
nancy_buckingham	living people
edith_hodgetts	people women writers
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
philip_pullman	english of
danny_hoch	american from
elizabeth_strong_worthington	american women
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
derviš_sušić	bosnia and herzegovina
greg_rucka	american from
es'kia_mphahlele	south african
anica_savić_rebac	serbian deaths
albert_alberts	dutch dutch
goran_vojnović	slovenian from
murray_boltinoff	american comics
elieshi_lema	american people
dwight_d'eon	canadian births
mervyn_peake	english from
marsha_skrypuch	canadian children's
geeta_dharmarajan	indian women
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
ian_casocot	people births
helen_weinzweig	canadian canadian novelists
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
peter_brash	american television writers
alfred_neumann_:writer	american from
emilia_salvioni	italian italian
harriette_campbell	19th-century women
evelyn_waugh	english of
radovan_ivšić	croatian novelists
alda_merini	italian women writers
andrei_bitov	russian male
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
anna-leena_härkönen	20th-century women
hedwig_courths-mahler	20th-century women writers
ben_domenech	american from
benedict_kiely	irish irish
mavis_biesanz	20th-century deaths
edgar_allan_poe	american american
corsino_fortes	cape verdean
attila_györgy	croatian novelists
g.b.senanayake	20th-century lankan
catherine_buckle	20th-century births
mohammad-reza_shafiei_kadkani	iranian from
alice_pung	people births
ed_cullen	american from
mykola_kulish	ukrainian from
abel_meeropol	american deaths
nicolai_costenco	romanian births
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
holly_smale	english of birth missing
guy_davenport	american american
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
phil_klemmer	american television
ndyakira_amooti	year of
hassan_poladi	living births
ennio_foppiani	living births
robert_karjel	living births
raziel_reid	canadian from
rob_grant	english of writers
chiaki_kawamata	japanese births
i.c.b.dear	scottish births
helen_darville	australian australian
robert_asch	english educated
neal_brennan	american television
bruce_bawer	american from
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
alexander_prokhanov	russian writers
robert_frazier_:writer	american science short
pierre_assouline	french births
peter_høeg	argentine births
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
peter_kosminsky	english male
bill_tomicki	american of birth
ian_mchugh	australian of writers
claire_zulkey	american women writers
hannah_lowe	british of
emma_jane_hogbin	canadian from
anna_radius_zuccari	italian births
philippe_le_sueur_mourant	people births
anwara_syed_haq	bangladeshi of
elio_vittorini	italian male
michael_markowitz	american male
paul-jacques_bonzon	french french writers
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
g.willow_wilson	american american novelists
christopher_riley	english births
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
ed_solomon	american television
arthur_frederick_jones	american of
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
hsiao-hung_pai	british of
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
milan_kundera	20th-century births
mark_l._van_name	american american short
ajit_cour	indian writers
perrine_leblanc	canadian canadian novelists
percy_janes	canadian from
robert_borden_:tv_producer	american television
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
anna_goldsworthy	australian from
michael_cohen_:writer	australian births
maurice_joyeux	french deaths
bertram_brooker	canadian from
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
dmitry_bykov	russian writers
benedict_kiely	irish irish
matthew_mather	canadian from
eve_bunting	australian women writers
gerit_quealy	american from
arturo_jauretche	argentine essayists
martha_blum	canadian women
adam_schefter	american from
coelho_neto	brazilian deaths
peter_cunningham_:writer	english deaths
mateo_morrison	dominican of
helen_o'clery	irish women writers
rick_kennett	australian people
martín_hahn	croatian births
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
colin_harvey_:writer	british of novelists
alexandra_sviridova	russian women writers
colin_wilson	english english
n._khelchandra_singh	indian from
alois_jirásek	austrian births
may_theilgaard_watts	american women
nelson_algren	american american
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
alberto_fuguet	american births
cathy_park_hong	american from
dragomir_brajković	serbian from
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
eric_m.witchey	american american short
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
merna_summers	canadian women novelists
annie_vivanti	italian women
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
david_graziano	american television writers
derek_kirk_kim	american from
rob_nanninga	dutch deaths
monique_watteau	20th-century women writers
carmen_beltrán	swedish deaths
robert_calvert	south african
eduardo_gonzález_viaña	male novelists
michael_a._burstein	american american short
frank_tuohy	english male
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
robert_saladrigas	catalan people
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
natasha_arthy	living births
aleksandar_hemon	american american
nadia_wheatley	australian women
giovanni_verga	italian births
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
charles_a.williams_iii	american from
bernie_west	american from
paul_hoffman_:business_writer	american from
margret_rey	german births
phiroz_mehta	people of
penni_russon	australian children's
george_leonard	american from
giulia_enders	german women writers
drew_karpyshyn	dungeons from dragons
paula_giddings	american university
carlos_dews	american from
gail_simmons	canadian from
devananda_bharali	20th-century from
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
matija_bećković	serbian of
gerald_carr_:cartoonist	australian people
daniel_quinn	american american novelists
dževad_karahasan	bosnia and
eoghan_mahony	american television birth
federico_andahazi	argentine argentine
quentin_lee	canadian from
peter_gould_:writer	american television writers
charles_logan_:author	british births
maura_johnston	american women writers
dasaradhi_rangacharya	indian from
gary_russell	english male
eynon_evans	british births
patrick_clarke	american from
george_m.merrick	american from
david_malouf	australian short
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
ponsonby_ogle	english deaths
eliette_abécassis	french women writers
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
hugh_falkus	english educated
dan_michel_of_northgate	english deaths
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
n_prabhakaran	20th-century male
nelson_algren	american american
brenda_chapman	american film
francis_foster_barham	english births
ichirō_sakaki	living births
david_laskin	american from
morten_korch	male short
ian_b.goldberg	american television birth
hartmut_abendschein	german births
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
henry_james	american male
favel_parrett	21st-century women writers
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
domingo_andrés	spanish births
david_small	american from
niloufar_talebi	american of
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
benedict_kiely	irish irish
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
angus_donald	21st-century of novelists
rajaa_al-sanea	living people
elbert_hubbard	american from
anton_ingolič	slovenian from
mirzadeh_eshghi	people from
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
mirzadeh_eshghi	people from
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
peter_cunningham_:writer	english deaths
alexander_laurence	american from
christopher_trent	british births
heda_margolius_kovály	20th-century women
dan_jurgens	american comics
gérard_klein	french births fiction
george_tofan	romanian from
e.m.ashraf	indian from kerala
abel_meeropol	american deaths
ota_pavel	austrian births
daniel_woodrell	american from novelists
milly_witkop	german births
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
anna_bartlett_warner	american from
monica_mary_gardner	english deaths
pai_hsien-yung	people people
david_j.mitchell	canadian from
abdullah_abdul_kadir	malaysian writers
may_cutler	canadian women
david_garnett	20th-century short
cynthia_kadohata	american women writers
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
richard_bartle	british people
choi_in-ho	south births
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
christian_beranek	american from
henry_james	american male
abdulah_sidran	bosnia and
nikephoros_i_of_constantinople	byzantine of
maría_argelia_vizcaíno	living women
george_griffith	british of
arthur_c.clarke	english from
eric_simonson	american male
rex_stout	american from
daniele_bolelli	american male
charles_d'ambrosio	american of workshop
andré_couteaux	french deaths
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
gerhard_polt	german male
derek_benz	american american novelists
dorothy_p.lathrop	american from
paul_boutin	american people
craig_lancaster	american male
dorothy_sterling	american women
mulk_raj_anand	indian of
robert_gernhardt	german german
hans_werner_richter	german of
maria_rosseels	belgian belgian
dale_brown	american from
amos_tutuola	20th-century births
david_michelinie	american comics
henry_stephens_salt	english of
mike_greenly	american births
nileena_abraham	indian from
david_farr_:theatre_director	english births
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
matt_de_la_peña	american of novelists
greg_garrett_:writer	american of
mervyn_peake	english from
ferdinand_de_lanoye	french deaths
arthur_morrison	english english
margaret_maddocks	20th-century women novelists
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
michelle_cartlidge	living people
catherine_storr	20th-century women novelists
antony_johnston	british comics
edward_gorey	american from
azar_nafisi	saudi arabian
guy_de_maupassant	french french
narcís_oller	swedish births
alexandre_jardin	french french novelists
harry_cross_:sportswriter	american from
henriette_mantel	american from
mavro_vetranović	20th-century novelists
audrey_howard	20th-century women novelists
mike_leigh	english male
allan_sealy	indian from
alexander_yashin	ukrainian deaths
pete_morisi	american comics
ellen_handler_spitz	american from
mario_giordano_:writer	living women
marta_kauffman	american male
christina_m.kim	american television birth
beno_zupančič	slovenian deaths
evelyn_m.richardson	canadian women novelists
aravind_adiga	20th-century births
adam_kotsko	american from
gerard_mckeown	australian births
chris_broadribb	20th-century women writers
metin_arditi	living births
margot_bennett_:writer	20th-century women fiction
carl_wilhelm_böttiger	swedish swedish
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
paipra_radhakrishnan	living writers
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
nayantara_sahgal	indian women
heather_donahue	american from
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
alex_beam	american of
adam_kuckhoff	german german
peter_laird	american comics
honobu_yonezawa	japanese short
arnold_bennett	english male
alonso_duralde	american from
gilles_leroy	21st-century essayists
andré_chevrillon	french births
begum_rokeya	20th-century from
alberto_fuguet	american births
chris_chantler_:writer	year of birth
edith_b.price	american from
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
ali_imam	bangladeshi of
amrita_pritam	indian from
milo_urban	spanish writers
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
nahoko_uehashi	japanese births
derenik_demirchian	armenian armenian
douglas_bland	canadian women birth
bernardo_vega	dominican republic
darin_goldberg	american television writers
bernard_assiniwi	canadian from
htin_gyi	burmese from
mohammad-reza_mahdavi_kani	people from
akira_yoshimura	japanese births
glendon_swarthout	american american
dacia_maraini	italian women
giulio_cesare_croce	italian italian
breda_smolnikar	slovenian from
pat_condell	english educated
richard_cumyn	canadian canadian novelists
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
mirko_javornik	slovenian from
alexei_perry	canadian of writers
cristin_o'keefe_aptowicz	american from
giovanni_testori	italian male
a.m.homes	american american
hilary_corke	english of
gardner_fox	american comics
norman_levine	canadian canadian novelists
philipp_meyer	american american
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
paula_pell	american television writers
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
alex_beam	american of
peter_nowalk	american from
boris_savinkov	russian writers
david_vern_reed	american comics
mitch_horowitz	living people
bill_oakley	american television
o._henry	american births
abd_allah_ibn_hijazi_al-sharqawi	syrian deaths
hu_yepin	20th-century deaths
alishetty_prabhakar	indian deaths
robert_haven_schauffler	american from
heinrich_smidt	german births
margaret_hodges	american from
anuraadha_tewari	indian from
august_alle	estonian deaths
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
anita_nair	20th-century indian
meredith_tax	american births
dan_harmon	american television
gita_sahgal	indian from
clayton_rawson	american american novelists
connie_booth	american from
henry_bond	english births
carlos_franqui	brazilian births
eve_bunting	australian women writers
charles_angell_bradford	british of
ben_yagoda	american from
amrit_bhushan_dev_adhikari	asom from
armand_lunel	french french
andrea_camilleri	italian italian
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
pat_brown_:criminal_profiler	american women writers
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
azar_nafisi	saudi arabian
gerald_w.page	american american short
elizabeth_buchan	20th-century women novelists
anton_hansen_tammsaare	20th-century novelists
alberto_barrera_tyszka	croatian novelists
cynthia_ozick	american american
festus_iyayi	nigerian births
robert_gernhardt	german german
ramkumar_mukhopadhyay	indian writers
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
aníbal_cristobo	argentine women
david_malouf	australian short
alberto_fuguet	american births
andrea_james	american from
phillips_lord	american from
allen_r.morris	american from
robert_laxalt	american american novelists
banine	azerbaijani from
anura_c.perera	sri lankan
gotlib	french births
adel_souto	american male
neal_shusterman	american american novelists
graeme_k.talboys	english births
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
meridel_le_sueur	american women
franz_hessel	german deaths
holly_nelson	canadian of
george_monbiot	british of
rajat_arora	indian film
ian_brennan_:writer	american television
clayton_rawson	american american novelists
evelyn_beatrice_hall	19th-century women writers
cynthia_harrod-eagles	21st-century women novelists
neela_padmanabhan	indian writers
eula_biss	american university
rick_kennett	australian people
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
adam_beechen	american male
guo_jingming	people births
bruno_fuligni	french male
maria_elsa_da_rocha	20th-century women
hartzell_spence	american american
ian_doescher	american american novelists
alison_hume	year women writers
federico_campbell	mexican women
franz_douskey	american american novelists
gotthold_gloger	german german
parker_marie_molloy	american from
arnold_zweig	german of
mindy_newell	american comics
ernesto_sabato	argentine births
hamid_dizdar	bosnia and
duane_ackerson	american american novelists
celeste_ng	american from of
petar_kočić	bosnia and herzegovina
mišo_juzmeski	turkish people
ricardo_miró	venezuelan deaths
ahmed_muradbegović	bosnia and
richard_glatzer	american from
ed_cullen	american from
ann_c.crispin	american women novelists
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
alois_jirásek	austrian births
alfred_machin_:writer	people of
michel_désautels	canadian canadian novelists
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
hugh_howey	american american novelists
monica_gesue	living comics
edmund_goulding	people film
bohdan_pawłowicz	israeli deaths
melchior_lengyel	hungarian dramatists
esther_hautzig	american deaths
paik_gahuim	living births
eugenia_kim_:author	21st-century women
barbara_branden	canadian from
heleen_mees	japanese births
amir_muhammad_:director	british births
barry_mccrea	irish births
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
elio_vittorini	italian male
e.haldeman-julius	chilean deaths
herman_miller_:writer	american television
bjørn_sand	norwegian births
norah_mcclintock	canadian people
breyten_breytenbach	south african
martha_rofheart	american women novelists
cate_shortland	australian births
audre_lorde	american american
henrique_couto	american births
gert_hofmann	20th-century from
melissa_harris-perry	american from
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
rené_hausman	people births
peter_gibbs_:cricketer	english educated
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
aaron_mcgruder	american from
mildred_d._taylor	american children's
rafael_cardoso_:art_historian	mexican births
meredith_haaf	german women writers
c.radhakrishnan	indian male
hermann_kasack	german german
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
halil_jaçellari	albanian short
mark_pilkington_:writer	british people
germaine_greer	australian from
pearl_s._buck	american from
franz_borkenau	austrian deaths
francis_webb_:writer	english english
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
donna_kossy	american women
b.clay_moore	american of birth
francisco_azuela	mexican births
ann_chamberlin	21st-century women novelists
rené_marqués	puerto rican
anna_holmes	american of
rajendra_banhatti	living births
mary_kingsley	19th-century deaths
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
gustaw_herling-grudziński	polish from
dominik_smole	slovenian novelists
matt_de_la_peña	american of novelists
panio_gianopoulos	american of
ana_rosa_tornero	bolivian births
pep_bertran	living people
emma_jane_unsworth	year of birth missing
diana_ossana	american television
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
han_moo-sook	south births
david_small	american from
david_ren	american from
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
patrick_mccabe_:novelist	irish short
e.r.frank	american of writers
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
david_zuckerman	american television
claudio_sanchez	american births
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
delys_bird	australian from
ghulam_sarwar	bangladeshi of
bernard_noël	french french novelists
harold_brodkey	american from
pingali_nagendrarao	indian from
grant_morrison	people of
melinda_tankard_reist	australian people
geoffrey_dennis	english births
phyllis_reynolds_naylor	american from novelists
pyotr_gnedich	russian russian
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
mohan_deep	living people
muriel_denison	canadian women novelists
cinzia_giorgio	21st-century women
debra_spark	american from
paolo_tullio	irish writers
mika_waltari	finnish births
ben_humble	scottish deaths
astrid_roemer	surinamese births
polina_suslova	russian russian
margo_glantz	mexican women
henry_theodore_tuckerman	american american
netta_syrett	english english
donald_henderson_:writer	year of death
craig_hickman	american from
david_mercer_:writer	american births
antonio_pennacchi	italian italian
alexander_stepanovich_yakovlev	russian male
michitsuna_no_haha	10th-century births
fred_bodsworth	canadian from
gordon_hyatt	american of birth
odd_eidem	norwegian births
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
ningombam_bupenda_meitei	indian from
barbara_wood	american women novelists
michael_shipley_:screenwriter	american people
damon_lindelof	american television
david_emanuel_wahlberg	american deaths
myles_wilder	american television
eustace_budgell	english deaths
pola_gojawiczyńska	polish from
paul_kivel	american of writers
abraham_brumberg	israeli writers
francisco_domene	spanish male
carlos_noriega_hope	mexican births
grainne_godfree	american television writers
edgar_hilsenrath	german german
randy_cohen	american of
fran_ilich	lgbt births
robert_beauvais	french deaths
fatima_besnaci-lancou	21st-century women writers
robert_laxalt	american american novelists
maryline_desbiolles	21st-century women
maría_cadilla	puerto rican
abdul_qavi_desnavi	indian from
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
frank_manley	american american
avasarala_ramakrishna_rao	indian indian
may_cutler	canadian women
gretel_ehrlich	american american
randy_boyagoda	canadian from
allegra_huston	english from
mervyn_wall	irish irish
ashot_beglarian	armenian deaths
bwesigye_bwa_mwesigire	ugandan of
melissa_harris-perry	american from
ned_vizzini	american american
nigel_rodgers	english from
pat_jordan_:author	american braves
evan_solomon	canadian people
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
bewketu_seyoum	canadian of
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
elbert_hubbard	american from
evan_dunsky	american television writers
e.nelson_bridwell	american comics
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
harriet_elizabeth_prescott_spofford	american american
paul_heyse	german german
hossein_sanapour	iranian births
darryl_ponicsan	american american novelists
alissa_quart	21st-century women
albert_cossery	20th-century novelists
grace_duffie_boylan	american of
michael_ruppert	american from
rabina_khan	british of
david_albahari	serbian novelists
mary_louisa_molesworth	19th-century women
elie_wiesel	american american
amy_hempel	american from
darin_goldberg	american television writers
robert_musil	20th-century women
harlan_greene	american american
christian_beranek	american from
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
max_tau	german deaths
nancy_holder	american women novelists
patricia_st._john	english deaths
octavio_paz	mexican women
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
ben_hamper	american from
david_benedictus	english births
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
frank_d.graham	american of
amil_niazi	canadian women writers
mitch_berman	american american novelists
david_rambo	american television
daniel_aaron	american of
rafael_pérez_y_pérez	spanish spanish
clementina_suárez	20th-century women
dallas_john_baker	australian short story
eddie_chuculate	american from
cristin_o'keefe_aptowicz	american from
miroslava_duma	russian writers
elieshi_lema	american people
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
allison_silberberg	american women writers
coral_lansbury	australian from
angela_bianchini	italian women
clara_tschudi	norwegian deaths
fred_reed	american from
dave_eggers	american american
francisco_bilbao	people deaths
carla_lane	english from
gerda_weissmann_klein	american american
nikolai_karonin-petropavlovsky	russian male
consuelo_de_sánchez_latour	20th-century women
blanche_d'alpuget	20th-century women
guadalupe_nettel	21st-century women
augusten_burroughs	lgbt from
robert_l.washington_iii	american comics
carl_zimmer	american from
phillip_frazer	american births
nicole_dubuc	american television
ian_maxtone-graham	american television
anatoly_sofronov	recipients of
robert_clark_young	american male
angel_cruchaga_santa_maría	american deaths
amy_welborn	american from
dennis_spooner	english births
paula_pell	american television writers
paul_jessup_:writer	american american novelists
robert_spencer_carr	american american short
rick_copp	american from
robert_eagle_:filmmaker	british births
mark_salzman	american from
elizabeth_herbert,_baroness_herbert_of_lea	english women writers
cherríe_moraga	american american
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
paul_wheelahan	australian people
homen_borgohain	indian from
mavro_vetranović	20th-century novelists
peter_rollins	living from
oksana_marafioti	american people
anne_homer	american women writers
philip_pullman	english of
nikhilanand_panigrahy	living writers
david_foster_:writer	american of writers
anne_rundle	20th-century romantic fiction
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
desmond_hogan	irish short
alois_hotschnig	20th-century short
martha_rofheart	american women novelists
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
helene_voigt-diederichs	20th-century women
claude-françois-xavier_mercier_de_compiègne	french french
richard_marsland	australian from
nella_bielski	french french writers
marvin_albert	american american novelists
anselmo_suárez_y_romero	guatemalan novelists
david_crane_:producer	american from
melissa_harris-perry	american from
david_eddings	american american novelists
harikumar_:director	indian of birth
adam_c.engst	american from
carlos_ruiz-tagle	chilean deaths
richard_levinson	american television
avram_davidson	american american novelists
mya_than_tint	burmese births
mohammad-ja'far_pouyandeh	iranian writers
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
brian_burland	people births
grace_duffie_boylan	american of
donald_k.fry	american of
brian_azzarello	american comics
margaret_maron	american women novelists
ian_doescher	american american novelists
dale_smith_:writer	english male
elna_baker	american from
michael_banim	irish deaths
hagar_wilde	american american novelists
augusta_stevenson	american women writers
patricia_maldonado	brazilian births
grant_allen	canadian from
mira_mihelič	slovenian from
marguerite_steen	people births
harut_sassounian	american deaths
david_crane_:producer	american from
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
mark_salzman	american from
france_bevk	slovenian from
parke_godwin	american american short
robert_mccrum	english of
angeliki_palli	italian italian
emily_underdown	english women
andrew_chambliss	american television writers
eva_norvind	norwegian women
amanda_minnie_douglas	american american
nikolay_nosov	soviet male
robert_calvert	south african
richard_rodriguez	american from
gustavo_álvarez_gardeazábal	chilean births
ian_hamilton_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
robert_bloch	american american novelists
derek_blasberg	american from
robert_gottlieb	american from
mildred_barya	ugandan women
evelyn_waugh	english of
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
constantin_stamati-ciurea	people from
matthew_schreuder	australian from
meridel_le_sueur	american women
graham_joyce	english births
akiva_schaffer	american male
nikolai_garin-mikhailovsky	russian russian
margaret_bennett_:writer	21st-century of
p._d._james	english of
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
avner_cohen	american university
fredrika_bremer	swedish swedish
nabarun_bhattacharya	indian of
david_turashvili	croatian births
aleksandrs_grīns	latvian births
philipp_meyer	american american
douglas_kenney	american from
maria_jane_jewsbury	19th-century women writers
charles_dunster	english deaths
rachna_gilmore	canadian women
grete_gulbransson	20th-century births writers
mary_louisa_molesworth	19th-century women
orrin_keepnews	american from
didi_menosi	israeli jews
ilka_stitz	german women
max_tau	german deaths
don_dagradi	american male
bobby_khan	indian film directors
g.k.chesterton	english male
greg_bear	american american novelists
dan_wickline	american from
ochirbatyn_dashbalbar	20th-century deaths
christina_vella	american from
dhananjay_keer	indian from
meg_medina	american from
alain_robbe-grillet	french french
giulio_cogni	italian male
charles_frederick_williams	people deaths
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
barry_webster_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
brentley_frazer	australian from
elisabeth_de_mariaffi	canadian women novelists
michael_ferguson_:director	british television
piero_chiara	people births
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
peter_ling	english births
mary_howard_:novelist	20th-century women novelists
melinda_m._snodgrass	20th-century american novelists
caro_ramsay	year of birth
paul_theroux	american from
ihsan_abdel_quddous	burmese births
hu_yepin	20th-century deaths
bert_coules	british of
aslak_dørum	norwegian births
garth_ennis	new of
barbara_hall_:tv_producer	american women writers
gunnar_staalesen	norwegian women novelists
georgi_vladimov	russian writers
mohammed_moftahh_elfitory	indonesian writers
frank_decaro	american from
pallab_kirtania	living from
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
chris_marker	french male
carlos_dews	american from
nelson_algren	american american
charles_fort	american american
a.m.dellamonica	21st-century canadian short
filippo_buonaccorsi	italian male
haruo_umezaki	south deaths
charles_exbrayat	20th-century french novelists
chuck_dixon	american comics
carlo_dossi	italian deaths
chandrakant_keni	indian writers
gabriella_ambrosio	italian births
myron_sharaf	american of
rajanikanta_bordoloi	asom from
panteleimon_kulish	ukrainian deaths
emma_romeu	australian of
peter_dubé	canadian male novelists
maud_newton	american women
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
brian_cleeve	irish from
frank_skinner	english educated
caroline_healey_dall	american american
eric_irvin	australian births
beverley_nambozo	21st-century women
bruce_vilanch	american from
assaf_inbari	israeli novelists
mike_penner	american from
ghassan_kanafani	20th-century novelists
adolfo_bioy_casares	argentine births
ayub_sabir	pakistani births
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
anand_mahadevan	canadian from
richard_johnson_:16th_century	people women writers
dagmar_von_mutius	20th-century women writers
goffredo_parise	italian male
arthur_kemp	new african
nathanaël	canadian women novelists
parnell_hall_:writer	american american novelists
mu_shiying	20th-century from
herbert_lyle_mayfield	american from
dušan_šarotar	slovenian from
henning_haslund-christensen	people deaths
basil_copper	english births
gita_sahgal	indian from
alison_schapker	american television birth
pavao_posilović	bosnia and herzegovina
oscar_r._gómez	living writers
mario_mendoza_zambrano	colombian short
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
eileen_favorite	american births
gary_delaney	english births
namita_gokhale	indian women writers
halil_jaçellari	albanian short
raffaele_la_capria	italian italian
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
nacio_herb_brown	american from
pramod_raman	indian women short
mary_alice_downie	canadian women writers
apuleius	2nd-century romans
aleksandrs_grīns	latvian births
emilio_j.pasarell	puerto deaths
claw_money	american from
arvind_gokhale	indian writers
gerbrand_bakker_:novelist	dutch dutch
mary_noailles_murfree	american women writers
grace_kennedy_:writer	19th-century women
h.c.cradock	20th-century women writers
harishankar_parsai	indian writers
branko_gradišnik	slovenian from
araceli_aipoh	people of
alexei_perry	canadian of writers
edward_dicey	english deaths
atis_kronvalds	people deaths
marion_st_john_webb	english women
maria_koleva	french births
philip_k._dick	american american
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
robert_calvert	south african
david_malouf	australian short
ed_hale	american of writers
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
bruce_vilanch	american from
božena_němcová	austrian women
heather_lewis_:writer	american american
otto_tausig	austrian male
matthew_schreuder	australian from
richard_titlebaum	american american
charles_lamb	english births
deborah_howe	american births
garry_ryan	canadian canadian novelists
mundhir_qabbānī	living arabian
garrett_fort	american male novelists
andrew_hindes	american male
arthur_upfield	20th-century from
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
mark_wallington_:writer	british people
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
mohinder_pratap_chand	indian from
elliott_holt	21st-century american novelists
ida_baccini	italian women writers
ed_cullen	american from
alain_damasio	french french
i.marlene_king	american television
otar_chiladze	20th-century novelists
arthur_mee	british births
muazzam_beg	indian film
clara_sereni	italian women
reza_mirkarimi	iranian births
andrea_ashworth	english women
barry_blitzer	american from
hortense_calisher	american american
giannina_braschi	american women
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
alix_bosco	new zealand writers
brian_cleeve	irish from
charly_chiarelli	canadian from
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
arnette_lamb	american women novelists
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
cathleen_with	canadian canadian novelists
riad_ismat	syrian of
andrew_montford	british of birth
august_alle	estonian deaths
d.v.gundappa	indian from
alexandra_shimo	canadian canadian
patric_verrone	american from
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
ook_chung	canadian people
maria_benedita_bormann	brazilian women
maria_belakhova	russian writers
aurelian_silvestru	moldovan writers
park_wansuh	south korean
george_k.mannickarottu	indian births
david_woodard	american births
marijac	french births
aldous_huxley	english from
mohammad-ja'far_pouyandeh	iranian writers
frédéric_encel	french births
miervaldis_birze	people deaths
hal_clement	american science novelists
doris_e.smith	20th-century women writers
richard_steele	19th-century of
bhisham_sahni	indian from
catherine_millet	french women
diane_fanning	american of novelists
anita_pratap	indian women writers
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
bawa_balwant	20th-century from
rebecca_walker	american women
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
catherine_gasquoine_hartley	people births
frieda_a.murray	american women novelists
bedar_mnagrio	pakistani births
mark_coakley	canadian from
daisy_gardner	american television writers
amrit_rai	indian from
bronte_woodard	american deaths
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
david_goldblatt_:writer	english of
matt_zurbo	living of birth
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
mildred_ames	american women novelists
mike_mearls	american people
derek_blasberg	american from
randolph_stow	australian australian
patricia_breen	american television writers
daniel_vávra	video game
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
maurice_dodd	english births
christine_piper	australian from
bruno_lasker	american births
alexis_de_veaux	american american
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
david_malouf	australian short
darnell_l.moore	american of
nick_davis_:television_and_movie_producer	american television writers
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
eduard_vilde	estonian from
rick_cleveland	american television writers
pyotr_polevoy	russian writers
allie_esiri	english births
edgar_allan_poe	american american
femi_osofisan	south african
erika_cheetham	english deaths
douglas_adams	english from
cynthia_ozick	american american
prabhakar_pendharkar	people births
nellikkal_muraleedharan	indian from
bruce_marshall	people of
oliver_la_farge	american american
robert_saladrigas	catalan people
radovan_brenkus	living people
carla_cassidy	american women novelists
craig_rosebraugh	american births
mary_robison	american american
friederike_roth	german women
edith_bruck	20th-century women
alain_farah	canadian canadian
clifford_bax	english from
aymeric_chauprade	french male
bryan_thao_worra	american from
mira_mihelič	slovenian from
cara_black_:author	21st-century women novelists
robert_j.schwalb	living game
niko_nikoladze	ecuadorian novelists
george_wilbur_peck	american from
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
giorgio_van_straten	italian italian
ben_schott	british of
peter_brash	american television writers
frédéric_marcelin	croatian novelists
monica_sone	american from
nora_bossong	german women
günther_krupkat	german male
mary_virginia_carey	american women writers
patrick_west	british of
clementina_suárez	20th-century women
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
nellie_campobello	mexican women writers
mehrab_ghasem_khani	living people
mary_virginia_carey	american women writers
hans_wollschläger	german births
budge_wilson	canadian of
abraham_eraly	indian writers
fred_hando	scottish deaths
claire_zulkey	american women writers
ellenor_fenn	19th-century women writers
amelia_e.johnson	american women novelists
francis_gibson	19th-century deaths
andrew_ostrowski	american male
hermann_broch	austrian deaths
bodo_kirchhoff	german from
charlotte_delbo	20th-century women
barry_webster_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
christiane_koren	norwegian norwegian writers
nyana_kakoma	ugandan women
alice_pung	people births
catherine_buckle	20th-century births
robert_sheaffer	american writers
norman_hapgood	american from
naira_gelashvili	people novelists
eliza_frances_andrews	american american
david_whitaker_:screenwriter	english births
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
christine_piper	australian from
mkrtich_armen	armenian deaths
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
adrien_rouquette	people deaths
alison_joseph	21st-century women novelists
francis_marrash	ottoman deaths
r._chandru	indian film
bo_goldman	american from
marie_rutkoski	american from
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
patrick_white	australian short
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
donna_franceschild	british births
marion_roach	american of birth
bill_james	american from
qazi_anwar_hussain	bengali writers
abdul_qayum_:imam	british births
george_wheeler_hinman	american from
c.bernard_ruffin	people births
maxine_mcarthur	21st-century women writers
charles_newman_:author	american from
eliette_abécassis	french women writers
marcello_toninelli	manuel births is is a writer writer and
dolores_alexander	american from
howard_norman	american of
alfred_andersch	german of
carlos_baker	american from
chris_marker	french male
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
ram_shankar_tripathi	indian writers
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
claudiu_teohari	romanian births
paul_zacharia	indian indian
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
marjorie_gross	canadian from
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
gary_crew	australian births writers
celia_thaxter	american american
melanmai_ponnusamy	indian writers
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
o._henry	american births
andrea_heuser	german women
pierre_ryckmans_:writer	21st-century births
ammon_shea	american of writers
hilton_als	american of
michael_neale	american people
gerald_brenan	british of
arimasa_osawa	japanese japanese
dale_carnegie	american from
palagummi_padmaraju	indian writers
chandra_pemmaraju	american male
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
craig_hickman	american from
marie_rutkoski	american from
hanan_qassab_hassan	syrian of
miguel_otero_silva	20th-century from
alex_shoumatoff	american from
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
michael_neale	american people
andrés_useche	american births
adrian_cornelius_langerwerf	new zealand writers
alexis_wright	australian women
clementina_suárez	20th-century women
aleksandar_hemon	american american
hans_braarvig	norwegian deaths
michael_carroll_:american_writer	21st-century of
anna-clara_tidholm	20th-century women writers
galina_shergova	recipients of
awn_alsharif_qasim	people deaths
claire_ridgway	british of
pacho_o'donnell	argentine births
guy_de_maupassant	french french
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
marguerite_henry	american women novelists
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
meera_nanda	living women
darnell_l.moore	american of
babette_brown	south african writers
mile_markovski	people deaths
henry_bond	english births
george_tabori	people from
brandon_mull	american of
angel_kyodo_williams	american women
h.rider_haggard	english male
nikolay_karamzin	russian russian
ann_chamberlin	21st-century women novelists
michael_shermer	american from
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
emma_marris	american women writers
aileen_paterson	scottish of
alexei_maxim_russell	canadian canadian novelists
halil_jaçellari	albanian short
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
george_pérez	american comics
neal_brennan	american television
bob_ellis	australian from
chiaki_j.konaka	australian births
cara_black_:author	21st-century women novelists
abdul_qavi_desnavi	indian from
richard_c._meredith	american american short
brian_cleeve	irish from
robert_musil	20th-century women
dimitrie_prelipcean	moldovan births
mike_leigh	english male
hamid_ekrem_šahinović	bosnia and
brandon_jerwa	american comics
diane_carey	american women novelists
heda_margolius_kovály	20th-century women
peter_gibbs_:cricketer	english educated
aileen_fisher	american from
metin_arditi	living births
muhammad_husain_azad	indian from
paul_levinson	american american
anna_de_noailles	french french
george_william_curtis	american american
andrea_ashworth	english women
edmund_wilson	american from
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
helen_hooven_santmyer	american american
diane_messina_stanley	american television writers
mavor_moore	canadian male
matt_brandstein	american comics
albert_alberts	dutch dutch
frank_westerman	japanese births
aldous_huxley	english from
mary_jo_foley	american bloggers
delwar_hussain	alumni of
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
chirlane_mccray	american of
nadia_wheatley	australian women
dimitry_elias_léger	american american
cizia_zykë	french french
matthieu_ricard	french births
maurice_g._dantec	french french novelists
blaize_clement	american women novelists
michael_markowitz	american male
menelaos_lountemis	20th-century novelists
andrievs_niedra	latvian births
ardeshir_irani	indian film
andrey_dikiy	russian russian
edward_davies_:celtic	people births
hannah_tinti	21st-century women novelists
erika_cheetham	english deaths
margaret_halsey	american from
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
mary_louisa_molesworth	19th-century women
dasaradhi_rangacharya	indian from
mark_sable	american comics
bolwar_mahammad_kunhi	indian male
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
richard_appignanesi	canadian canadian
håkon_tysdal	norwegian births
bill_james	american from
chandra_kumar_agarwala	asom from
chingiz_abdullayev	people from
mary_hooper_:author	19th-century women writers
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
greg_daniels	american television
gore_vidal	american from
antoinette_henriette_clémence_robert	french french
ilse_aichinger	austrian deaths
catherine_yronwode	american from
hari_singh_dilbar	indian of
michel_bibaud	canadian canadian
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
nikephoros_i_of_constantinople	byzantine of
birgitta_trotzig	swedish from
edgar_allan_poe	american american
audrey_erskine_lindop	english births novelists
murray_boltinoff	american comics
dallas_woodburn	american of birth
dhananjay_keer	indian from
andrés_caicedo	male short
dave_eggers	american american
fred_bodsworth	canadian from
ian_edginton	year of birth
alex_robinson	american from
craig_lancaster	american male
peter_de_zwaan	living people
andre_dubus	american american novelists
pat_condell	english educated
margaret_potter	20th-century romantic novelists
brian_leyden	irish irish
herbert_achternbusch	german german
matthew_weiner	american television
elizabeth_enright	american from
mark_clifton	american american novelists
bruce_jones_:comics	american male short
maria_corsini	italian births
heather_elizabeth_apple	canadian women writers
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
eric_de_kuyper	belgian births
paul_ernst_:german_writer	german male
robert_kaleski	australian births
rex_stout	american from
caroline_fourest	21st-century from
azalaïs_d'arbaud	french deaths
anton_hansen_tammsaare	20th-century novelists
max_domarus	german births
claude_mckay	people people
christopher_dow_:author	american male
amir_hosein_fardi	iranian births
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
dmitry_bykov	russian writers
richard_james_gelles	american of
barbara_dawson_smith	21st-century women writers
robert_beauvais	french deaths
bart_kosko	american from
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
meeka_walsh	canadian canadian novelists
bo_goldman	american from
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
catie_lazarus	american of birth
bill_scheft	american american novelists
elmer_clifton	american male
greg_egan	australian from
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
ranjit_desai	indian from
hal_clement	american science novelists
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
nora_bossong	german women
michelle_king	american television writers
michael_j._weithorn	american television
martina_cole	english births
n._s._madhavan	indian male
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
pierre_daninos	20th-century french
faridur_reza_sagar	bangladeshi of
e.hoffmann_price	american american short
alberto_arbasino	italian births
brian_halweil	american of birth
florence_ashton_marshall	english deaths
christianna_brand	20th-century women novelists
marie_rudisill	american births
eva_norvind	norwegian women
brian_floca	american of
paula_cwikly	american television writers
otto_manninen	people births
fleur_jaeggy	swiss births
francesco_albergati_capacelli	italian italian
maria_aurora_couto	indian women
charly_chiarelli	canadian from
carol_emshwiller	american american short
patricia_briggs	21st-century women novelists
carl_sonnenschein	german deaths
hari_singh_dilbar	indian of
g.willow_wilson	american american novelists
david_seals	american american novelists
hyun_kil-un	south births
barbara_grier	american women
barbara_baynton	australian women
benigna_marie_of_reuss-ebersdorf	portuguese births
patricia_maclachlan	american from novelists
branislav_crnčević	serbian deaths
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
bess_meredyth	american from
excilia_saldaña	21st-century women
frankétienne	haitian dramatists
erwin_strittmatter	german of
chandradhar_barua	20th-century from
elizabeth_thornton	20th-century women novelists
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
narayan_singh_bhati	indian writers
hans_kristian_eriksen	norwegian norwegian
chris_thompson_:tv_producer	american television
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
hamid_khan_:lawyer	pakistani births
ratnaja	indian film directors
alexander_goldstein_:writer	russian novelists
bill_oddie	english educated
han_moo-sook	south births
helen_o'clery	irish women writers
marie_rudisill	american births
frank_c.matthews	american from
aaron_paquette	canadian from
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
anna_seghers	german of
richard_hooker_:author	american from
daedalus_howell	american from
daniel_aaron	american of
o_yeong-su	south births
paul_bellini	canadian from
christopher_myers	american of birth
elyse_gasco	canadian canadian novelists
muriel_denison	canadian women novelists
richard_baker_:theologian	english deaths
andrew_hindes	american male
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
andrzej_sapkowski	20th-century short
pier_vittorio_tondelli	italian italian
minna_canth	19th-century women
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
franz_kafka	austrian births
glenn_rockowitz	american from
midori_:author	american from
reuben_gold_thwaites	american from
maurice_rosy	belgian births
mark_bowen_:writer	american people
eliana_johnson	american from
nikolai_garin-mikhailovsky	russian russian
patrick_west	british of
mukhtar_shakhanov	living writers
heinz_knobloch	german from
alan_mckenzie	year comics
peter_bradshaw	english births
georges_smal	belgian deaths
mary_howard_:novelist	20th-century women novelists
pedro_lenz	living births
birgitta_trotzig	swedish from
alessandro_ghebreigziabiher	italian male
geoffrey_kingscott	british deaths
david_boyd_haycock	english births
diane_ruggiero	american television writers
ed_james_:writer	american television
géza_csáth	hungarian deaths
funahashi_seiichi	japanese births
robert_bloch	american american novelists
pavao_posilović	bosnia and herzegovina
benudhar_rajkhowa	asom from
mitchell_burgess	american television writers
edmond_hamilton	american comics
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
chigozie_obioma	nigerian nigerian
albert_mannheimer	american male
maura_johnston	american women writers
alexander_levitov	russian russian
chet_raymo	american births
nirmal_verma	indian from
carlyle_eubank	american of birth
dean_lorey	american television
michael_james_nelson	living people
panas_myrny	ukrainian male
amy_peikoff	american from
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
anne_seymour,_countess_of_warwick	16th-century births
nadya_larouche	canadian people
dorothy_carrington	people of
christopher_moeller	american from
hugo_raes	belgian belgian
amil_niazi	canadian women writers
anne_fortier	21st-century women novelists
d.j.machale	american television writers
ann_major	american women novelists
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
percy_janes	canadian from
mikal_sylten	norwegian births
elizabeth_post	american from
bettina_belitz	german women writers
mary_hobson	english births
bodo_kirchhoff	german from
françois-thomas-marie_de_baculard_d'arnaud	french french
denis_johnson	american american
peter_baker_:author	american of
maria_rosseels	belgian belgian
georges_cogniot	french deaths
margaret_mayo_:novelist	english women novelists
eleanor_wachtel	canadian of
elsa_kazi	pakistani births
peter_stone	american from
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
mary_berry	english educated
catherine_buckle	20th-century births
marjabelle_young_stewart	american births
diriye_osman	alumni from
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
michael_rowbotham	living people
mary_anne_burges	people women
george_mcwhirter	canadian from
peter_grandbois	american people
colin_mcnaughton	english of
gun_arvidssen	american births
himani_bannerji	canadian of
charles_lockwood_:author	american births
ahmad_bashir	pakistani from
carol_emshwiller	american american short
margot_bennett_:writer	20th-century women fiction
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
ameen_rihani	american american
rafael_arévalo_martínez	guatemalan women
mercedes_valdivieso	20th-century women
nicholas_sparks	american american
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
per_ahlmark	swedish of
maureen_herman	living people
eric_holmes_:videogame_designer	canadian comics is
adolfo_costa_du_rels	german male
philip_pullman	english of
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
christopher_oscanyan	american deaths
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
maría_esther_vázquez	argentine women
pai_hsien-yung	people people
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
malachy_coney	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
aya_tanimura	australian women writers
raif_badawi	saudi arabian
pauline_johnson	canadian women
richard_calder_:writer	21st-century short
colin_beavan	american births
guadalupe_nettel	21st-century women
alex_kendrick	american male
a.m.muhammed	indian from
andrés_caicedo	male short
glendon_swarthout	american american
hank_chapman	american comics
frank_manley	american american
david_safier	german male
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
ramchandra_shripad_jog	people births
richard_jefferies	english births
deborah_tall	american women
b.s.mardhekar	indian from
raymond_mortimer	people of
matthew_weiner	american television
holly_black	american women novelists
ali_smith	20th-century of
mary_butts	english women
matthew_felker	american male
omar_abd_al-kafi	egyptian people
ahmet_zappa	american male
bill_owen_:writer_and_announcer	american male
anna_de_noailles	french french
max_tau	german deaths
annie_vivanti	italian women
robert_costa_:journalist	american of
brian_glanville	english births
franz_fühmann	german german
annie_hall_cudlip	english women writers
ela_peroci	slovenian from
eileen_wilks	american women novelists
ayako_fujitani	japanese births
eugenia_kim_:author	21st-century women
anthony_coburn	australian births writers
erhard_frommhold	people deaths
ian_rogers_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
paul_jennings_:australian_author	australian australian
herbert_marshall_:writer	british births
andrew_lam	american american
philip_f._deaver	american from
damon_lindelof	american television
césar_falcón	20th-century births
eulalie_spence	american american
nicolas_falacci	american television writers
alan_sillitoe	english short
adam_kuckhoff	german german
adèle_geras	20th-century women novelists
alona_frankel	israeli women writers
nick_bakay	american male
melinda_m._snodgrass	20th-century american novelists
navid_moazzez	living births
hans_beimler_:screenwriter	american television writers
amiri_baraka	american from
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
giorgio_amendola	italian male
david_barr_kirtley	american american novelists
alois_jirásek	austrian births
chuck_mckenzie	australian short story
pat_condell	english educated
michael_harris_:editor	canadian canadian
adam_resnick	american television writers
pamela_allen	australian from writers
bernard_goldberg	american from
norris_mcwhirter	people of
alija_isaković	bosnia from
harriet_angelina_fortescue	people deaths
abdukadir_osman	year of
bernd_brunner	german women
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
max_crawford_:writer	american from
devendranath_sharma	indian male
michel_butor	french french
alojzy_lysko	people from
grace_lin	american women writers
dominick_dunne	american from
allan_chappelow	people of
nina_burleigh	american of
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
holley_rubinsky	canadian women novelists
ikram_akhtar	indian film directors
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
hitonari_tsuji	japanese births
dorit_rabinyan	israeli novelists
catherine_mary_macsorley	irish women
alexandru_hâjdeu	russian births
milan_kundera	20th-century births
mark_valenti	american television writers
raphael_draccon	people births
reidar_thomassen	norwegian norwegian
albert_alberts	dutch dutch
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
cate_shortland	australian births
mark_richard	american from
clive_barker	lgbt male
hinemoana_baker	south african
feodor_gladkov	russian male
amar_jaleel	pakistani of
daína_chaviano	20th-century women
david_metzenthen	australian from
eldridge_cleaver	american from
ida_pollock	20th-century women novelists
matt_maiocco	american people
art_spander	american from
nancy_garden	21st-century women writers
eugene_schoulgin	norwegian births
gerald_ganglbauer	people of
aaron_elkins	american american novelists
claudia_roth_pierpont	american american
philippe_camus_:writer	french births
alois_jirásek	austrian births
georges_dessommes	19th-century deaths
charles_montgomery_:writer	canadian from
es'kia_mphahlele	south african
awn_alsharif_qasim	people deaths
brian_jacques	english births
norma_k._hemming	20th-century women writers
hovik_vardoumian	armenian deaths
donald_j.sobol	american from
bill_oddie	english educated
catherine_deveny	australian from
richard_zenith	mexican women
nidudavolu_venkatarao	people deaths
mark_budz	american american novelists
flavio_alves	american from
maria_isabel_barreno	20th-century women
richard_rodriguez	american from
a.igoni_barrett	21st-century short
herminie_templeton_kavanagh	english english
clyde_bruckman	american film
catherine_storr	20th-century women novelists
al-jahiz	people deaths
nev_fountain	english of writers
charlie_angus	canadian from
massimo_carlotto	italian births
hugh_falkus	english educated
aymeric_chauprade	french male
a.m.homes	american american
maxime_du_camp	french french
hugo_rodríguez-alcalá	paraguayan deaths
muhammed_azam_didamari	malaysian writers
adam_zeis	american male
melina_marchetta	australian children's
eda_leshan	american deaths
patrick_white	australian short
holly_black	american women novelists
myron_sharaf	american of
michael_shermer	american from
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
rachel_shabi	british births
arleen_paré	canadian women
edward_behr_:food_writer	american from writers
paul_rogers_:novelist	american from
david_woodard	american births
mat_johnson	american from
andy_borowitz	american from
ian_brennan_:writer	american television
alice_sebold	21st-century women
pavao_ritter_vitezović	people of
dan_shaughnessy	american from
hovik_vardoumian	armenian deaths
eleanor_coerr	canadian women writers
delia_grigore	romanian from
mary_skrenes	american comics
han_bi-ya	american people
eric_cross_:writer	japanese deaths
philippe_soupault	french french
dan_didio	living births
ahmad_a'zam	people births
dolores_alexander	american from
george_mogridge_:old_humphrey	english english
františek_sláma_:politician	finnish births
ashley_bryan	american from
patricia_bernard	21st-century women writers
nikolai_starikov	russian writers
mark_richard	american from
norman_lowell	living births
marguerite_florence_laura_jarvis	people deaths
caroline_leakey	english women
gavan_daws	australian of
danny_casolaro	american from
antoine-joseph_pernety	french deaths
bjørn_sand	norwegian births
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
maria_zhukova	russian russian
dmitry_begichev	russian deaths
grant_allen	canadian from
nino_nakashidze	20th-century women
dale_brown	american from
abdullah_abu_sayeed	bangladeshi of
arthur_c.clarke	english from
grace_randolph	american comics
ahmed_mourad	indonesian births
hmawbi_saya_thein	burmese births
august_gailit	estonian deaths
christopher_paul_curtis	american from novelists
najat_el_hachmi	spanish births
neil_innes	english births
hannah_lowe	british of
michael_angeli	american television writers
bruno_schulz	polish male
bret_hart	canadian from
fazil_iskander	russian short
ashot_beglarian	armenian deaths
asma_gull_hasan	american of
daniel_ivin	croatian births
brandon_jones_:singer	hong births
christophe_honoré	french male
maile_meloy	michael j. is a american writer writer
anne_hollingsworth_wharton	american deaths
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
chuck_austen	american of birth
demetria_daniels	american women writers
feodor_gladkov	russian male
gary_shteyngart	american writers
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
nikolai_garin-mikhailovsky	russian russian
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
enid_blyton	20th-century women novelists
paul_leppin	austrian births
henry_gréville	19th-century deaths
frank_waters	american from
mervyn_wall	irish irish
andy_diggle	year comics
marko_vovchok	ukrainian births
elizabeth_sims	21st-century women novelists
maurice_halperin	american from
carl_muller	south lankan
premchand	indian from
hugo_sonnenschein	german deaths
george_harmon_coxe	american american novelists
david_kalstone	american from
aziz_nesin	turkish births
rain_chudori	living births
donald_goines	american from
giorgio_pressburger	italian male
fenton_johnson	american american
charmian_london	american from
alfred_mann_:musicologist	american births
nigar_rafibeyli	azerbaijani novelists
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
ilka_stitz	german women
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
alexander_yashin	ukrainian deaths
parke_godwin	american american short
michael_mcquarn	american television writers
ahmad_kamyabi_mask	indian writers
robert_cowie	19th-century births
meridel_le_sueur	american women
margaret_pargeter	year romantic birth
harry_l.symons	canadian canadian novelists
colin_wilson	english english
herman_pieter_de_boer	dutch deaths
nikša_gradi	serbian writers
alison_uttley	english births
michel_désautels	canadian canadian novelists
paul_rohrbach	german births
david_zindell	american american novelists
patrick_deville	french french
christopher_moeller	american from
byron_preiss	american from
duane_ackerson	american american novelists
henry_swinburne	english deaths
ardath_mayhar	american american novelists
barbara_baynton	australian women
philippe_vandevelde	living births
mary_tate_engels	american of writers
elisabeth_de_mariaffi	canadian women novelists
d.harlan_wilson	american american short
andreas_eschbach	italian births
consuelo_de_saint_exupéry	french french writers
mark_rowlands	british writers
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
glória_perez	slovenian births
charles_burleigh_galbreath	american births
c.n.sreekantan_nair	indian male
marguerite_poland	south african
anne_fortier	21st-century women novelists
frederick_guthrie	british of
chuck_philips	american from
mark_l._van_name	american american short
heather_elizabeth_apple	canadian women writers
dewi_lestari	indonesian births
nigar_rafibeyli	azerbaijani novelists
andrés_caicedo	male short
dmitry_grigorovich	russian russian
george_dohrmann	american from
david_eddings	american american novelists
muthoni_likimani	mexican women
petru_cărare	moldovan writers
michael_jecks	21st-century women novelists
beverly_cleary	american from
rené_galand	french births
geir_isene	michael births is
charles_fort	american american
nelson_algren	american american
mark_clifton	american american novelists
ben_myers	british births
abdón_ubidia	male short story
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
diana_hart	canadian people
christian_cooper	american of birth
choe_yun	south korean
reuben_gold_thwaites	american from
betty_fussell	american births writers
morag_joss	21st-century women writers
danny_danko	american male
banarsidas_chaturvedi	indian writers
graham_roland	american of birth
narinder_singh_kapoor	living people
oliver_robins	american male
haru_m.reischauer	slovenian deaths
hortense_allart	19th-century women writers
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
david_docherty	british of
mulumba_ivan_matthias	ugandan women
annette_pehnt	german women
francisco_gonzález_ledesma	spanish women
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
andy_goodman	american of birth
marianne_csaky	writers from
clive_coates	japanese births
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
chuck_austen	american of birth
marjorie_williams	american from
františek_sláma_:politician	finnish births
francisco_bilbao	people deaths
amitava_kumar	american from
peter_stanford	english births
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
daniel_galera	brazilian novelists
o_yeong-su	south births
eshwar_sundaresan	indian film
grigory_adamov	russian male
nick_flynn	american male
danny_casolaro	american from
brent_weeks	american of novelists
barbara_cooney	american from
charles_corm	dutch deaths
mckenzie_wark	living people
alissa_york	canadian women novelists
naira_gelashvili	people novelists
marie-anne_de_roumier-robert	french women writers
franz_kafka	austrian births
eraclio_zepeda	mexican births
mark_l.van_name	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
andrey_dikiy	russian russian
robert_laxalt	american american novelists
petru_cărare	moldovan writers
chris_thompson_:tv_producer	american television
grigory_baklanov	russian short
christina_crawford	american women writers
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
glendon_swarthout	american american
p._t._deutermann	american from
chris_campanioni	mexican births
miles_franklin	20th-century women writers
andreas_bruce	swedish births
reza_mirkarimi	iranian births
dimitri_verhulst	people deaths
patrick_white	australian short
doris_piserchia	american women novelists
charles_hamilton_:writer	british of
annamarie_jagose	21st-century women
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
eduardo_liendo	croatian births
dwight_macdonald	american from
bill_mantlo	american comics
grazia_deledda	italian women
p._d._james	english of
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
ali_el-maak	20th-century deaths
helmut_preißler	german women
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
ben_t.elliott	american births
consuelo_de_saint_exupéry	french french writers
naeem_mohaiemen	living births
barbara_faith	american women novelists
daisuke_watanabe	hong comics
aman_nath	indian of
mikhail_samarsky	russian births
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
matthew_ryan_hoge	american film
christopher_ross_:writer	people births
carlos_méndez_villalobos	mexican births
anton_ingolič	slovenian from
hilton_als	american of
arnold_drake	american comics
p._t._deutermann	american from
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
nella_bielski	french french writers
graham_duff	english births
adrienne_monson	american women novelists
mirza_adeeb	pakistani from
rachapalem_chandrasekhara_reddy	living writers
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
gadul_singh_lama	indian male
oliver_onions	english male
nacio_herb_brown	american from
robert_stevenson_:director	people births
parichay_das	indian women
bruce_bawer	american from
claude_cariguel	french french novelists
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
carol_bishop-gwyn	canadian women
david_tischman	american comics writers
henry_herbert,_3rd_earl_of_carnarvon	english of
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
gregor_collins	american from
giorgio_amendola	italian male
hugh_sebag-montefiore	british births
anni_swan	finnish women
gisele_lagace	canadian comics
edward_l.youmans	american from
friedrich_christian_delius	german from
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
gerald_vizenor	american american
adolphe_stoeber	people deaths
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
harlan_greene	american american
eudora_welty	american american
michael_sampson	american from
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
mary_turzillo	21st-century american novelists
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
r._s._mugali	indian from
domingo_andrés	spanish births
david_heneker	english deaths
mark_coakley	canadian from
grace_hallock	american of death
ernest_thompson	american from
himani_bannerji	canadian of
f.x.feeney	american births
elin_wägner	swedish women
gary_myers_:writer	american american short
r._k._narayan	indian from
arkadiy_belinkov	russian writers
michael_cisco	american american novelists
eduard_limonov	russian male
moderata_fonte	italian women
mohamed_adel_abdelaziz	egyptian people
hamid_tamjidi	iranian births
hiroshi_mori_:writer	japanese japanese
richard_glatzer	american from
henry_avray_tipping	english deaths
p._m._taj	indian male
mary_louisa_molesworth	19th-century women
alana_lowes	australian from
paul_b._preciado	lgbt writers
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
dragomir_brajković	serbian from
carlo_emilio_gadda	italian italian
moacyr_scliar	brazilian deaths
refika_birgül	living people
golam_mostofa_:poet	indian from
doreen_baingana	ugandan women writers
heather_donahue	american from
mitchell_hurwitz	american television writers
edith_thacher_hurd	american women writers
c.h.sisson	english of
michelle_king	american television writers
michael_hanlon	people of
montgomery_pittman	american from
aritha_van_herk	canadian canadian novelists
norbert_blei	american american novelists
norma_k._hemming	20th-century women writers
bárður_oskarsson	south births
amy_wallace	20th-century women writers
nio_joe_lan	indonesian deaths
paco_ignacio_taibo_ii	mexican from
robert_spencer_carr	american american short
alban_mccoy	year of birth missing
bryan_gruley	american american novelists
martin_segon	serbian of
andrew_collins_:broadcaster	english male
adolph_freiherr_knigge	german deaths
pyotr_gnedich	russian russian
david_ruprecht	american from
eugie_foster	american american novelists
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
pai_hsien-yung	people people
peter_morgan	english of
evald_flisar	slovenian from
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
maurice_gilliams	people from
colin_blumenau	british television
rebecca_walker	american women
christian_tămaș	romanian births
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
a.r.krishnashastry	indian from
eugene_george_key	american american novelists
ilya_tolstoy	russian russian
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
claire_ridgway	british of
muzi_epifani	20th-century women
george_elliott_:canadian_writer	20th-century canadian novelists
alan_moore	english births
enrique_gonzález_rojo,_jr	mexican births
patrick_white	australian short
rob_neyer	american births
genevieve_foster	american from
henrik_pontoppidan	ecuadorian deaths
mike_grell	american comics
hemley_boum	20th-century births
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
galsan_tschinag	people writers
graham_downs	south african
ayu_utami	indonesian writers
peter_demant	russian male
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
abed_elrahim_abu_zakrra	20th-century deaths
mary_anne_burges	people women
myke_cole	american american novelists
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
caelius_rhodiginus	italian deaths
eduard_vilde	estonian from
nick_dear	english male
apostolos_doxiadis	greek births
elizabeth_sarnoff	american television writers
hans_weiss_:author	english births
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
dolen_perkins-valdez	21st-century of novelists
henry_r.evans	american from
pu_songling	iranian from
rebecca_stead	american women novelists
pierre_ryckmans_:writer	21st-century births
mark_richard	american from
curt_gentry	american from
harriet_fier	american of birth
martha_brooks	canadian women writers
andré_castelot	french male
cecilia_hae-jin_lee	american of of
matthew_robinson_:director	american people
paullina_simons	writers from
charles_angell_bradford	british of
dorothy_allison	american women
andrei_vartic	moldovan writers
genevieve_foster	american from
nic_kelman	american male
hartmut_abendschein	german births
hedda_zinner	german of
caterina_edwards	canadian canadian novelists
eric_rohmann	american from
christopher_bertolini	american male
milan_kundera	20th-century births
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
frankétienne	haitian dramatists
bruce_eisner	american male
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
monique_polak	canadian women writers
marisha_pessl	21st-century american novelists
césar_aira	argentine births
michael_sampson	american from
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
mavis_biesanz	20th-century deaths
deb_caletti	21st-century women novelists
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
aaron_peck	canadian from
dallas_woodburn	american of birth
gyula_krúdy	hungarian from
clement_clarke_moore	american from
mark_spector	living people
georges_cogniot	french deaths
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
gillian_mears	australian australian
phiroz_mehta	people of
miguel_syjuco	living people
araceli_ardón	mexican women
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
paul_strathern	british writers
donna_kossy	american women
amy_hempel	american from
peter_de_rome	american births
brigitte_kronauer	german women writers
duncan_regehr	canadian from
deborah_eisenberg	american from
hartzell_spence	american american
patrick_mccabe_:novelist	irish short
paul_biegel	dutch deaths
filippo_buonaccorsi	italian male
ann_grocott	australian women
oliver_robins	american male
dominik_smole	slovenian novelists
gustaw_przeczek	polish from
nicholas_rankin	english births
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
paul_goma	romanian essayists
ritam_chowdhury	living people
henry_lawson	australian women
edith_bruck	20th-century women
monica_arac_de_nyeko	ugandan women
r._j._ellory	english births
mahbubul_alam_:author	malaysian deaths was
ian_mckay_:writer	british of
ahmad_bashir	pakistani from
marie_gasquet	french women writers
mildred_cram	american births
anni_swan	finnish women
chuck_mckenzie	australian short story
andrey_dikiy	russian russian
gary_d.schmidt	american from novelists
quentin_lee	canadian from
harriot_eaton_stanton_blatch	american from
bernard_goldberg	american from
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
pat_caputo	american people
deborah_a.miranda	american american
rex_stout	american from
mary_kay_zuravleff	american american
acharya_chatursen_shastri	20th-century male
césar_aira	argentine births
rené_belletto	french french
fyodor_stepun	russian deaths
aslak_dørum	norwegian births
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
hemant_shesh	indian from
preah_botumthera_som	cambodian deaths
gerry_hassan	british of
azariah_southworth	american from
michael_fleisher	american comics
debra_spark	american from
marek_krajewski	marc godghate is is an american writer and and
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
rajaa_al-sanea	living people
agnes_sligh_turnbull	american from
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
rasul_rza	azerbaijani from
camilla_cederna	italian women
gotthold_gloger	german german
art_edwards	american from
david_williams_:author	american of birth
edward_dicey	english deaths
miriam_roth	american people
norman_douglas	english of
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
meri_nana-ama_danquah	living people
fred_golan	american television birth
cissy_van_marxveldt	dutch births
allan_chappelow	people of
andrew_coburn_:author	american american novelists
h.m.hoover	american women novelists
richard_lane_:writer	australian births
edgar_brau	argentine short
edward_docx	english births
peter_tennant	english births
aldous_huxley	english from
matthew_condon	australian short
frédéric_mistral	19th-century french
ariane_sherine	21st-century people writers
ed_solomon	american television
gregory_tesser	british births
fiona_fox_:press_officer	people of
nagavarma_i	indian from
herbert_kuhner	austrian births
david_e.kelley	american television
chowdhury_gulam_akbar	bengali writers
don_payne_:writer	american from
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
maurice_gilliams	people from
gisele_lagace	canadian comics
antoni_bohdziewicz	israeli deaths
glenn_ficarra	american of birth
catriona_sparks	australian science writers
massimo_citi	italian births
aleksandrs_grīns	latvian births
flannery_o'connor	american american
anthony_simmons_:writer	english educated
charles_hamilton_:writer	british of
frank_spotnitz	american television writers
bruno_schulz	polish male
c.d.payne	american american novelists
hans_werner_richter	german of
mike_shepherd_:author	american american novelists
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
david_h.goodman	american television writers
countess_dash	french french writers
patricia_wentworth	20th-century women novelists
alexis_lichine	people deaths
gary_indiana	american of
monica_langley	american of
eduard_vilde	estonian from
mo_willems	american from
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
hilja_haapala	20th-century women
charlotte_maria_tucker	19th-century women writers
florinda_donner	american from
charly_chiarelli	canadian from
aziz_nesin	turkish births
paul_mccusker	american from
birendra_kumar_bhuyan	indian from
ben_moor_:writer	english male
carla_lane	english from
anne_eyre_worboys	20th-century women novelists
gillian_riley	english births
bert_coules	british of
attia_hosain	indian from
richard_rodriguez	american from
donald_goines	american from
micha_josef_berdyczewski	russian writers
norris_mcwhirter	people of
donald_goines	american from
mary_lavin	irish women
maximilian_kravkov	people deaths
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
ali-akbar_sa'idi_sirjani	iranian deaths
nancy_kress	american american novelists
olga_shapir	russian short
mehmed_kapetanović	bosnia and herzegovina
harry_browne	american from
eraldo_pecci	american fiorentina
maryse_dubuc	canadian births
ante_kovačić	people deaths
anna_blaman	20th-century women
mark_wallington_:writer	british people
dick_clement	english educated
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
david_carr_:journalist	american from
christopher_moore_:author	american american novelists
armand_lunel	french french
donald_burgett	american of
michael_neale	american people
abd_allah_ibn_hijazi_al-sharqawi	syrian deaths
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
charles_frederick_williams	people deaths
francis_webb_:writer	english english
ramo_nakajima	japanese japanese
david_whitaker_:screenwriter	english births
dahvi_waller	canadian from writers
michael_krüger_:writer	german women
rasheed_ahmad_siddiqui	recipients from
mike_gray	american from
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
matthew_gavin_frank	american births
françois_duprat	french births
rasheed_amjad	people births
bhoopal_reddy	year of birth
col_buchanan	21st-century women writers
corsino_fortes	cape verdean
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
abdullah_tahiri	people deaths
anthony_aikman	british births
camille_de_toledo	french french
bill_thompson_:technology_writer	english of
ayako_fujitani	japanese births
bryan_thao_worra	american from
eli_amir	israeli births
dahvi_waller	canadian from writers
chuck_mckenzie	australian short story
eric_simonson	american male
fred_j.broomfield	australian births
c.k.stead	new zealand
dimitri_vladimirovich_isayev	chuvash deaths
chad_harbach	american american
olle_länsberg	20th-century births
bill_willingham	american comics
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
friedrich_von_sallet	german from
pai_hsien-yung	people people
angel_kyodo_williams	american women
robert_a.heinlein	american from
barbara_grier	american women
reynaldo_a._duque	people writers
a.igoni_barrett	21st-century short
gemma_o'connor_:writer	20th-century women
blanche_mcmanus	american american writers
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
herman_pieter_de_boer	dutch deaths
adam_resnick	american television writers
ellen_meloy	american from
norah_mcclintock	canadian people
guram_dochanashvili	people births
ann_donahue	american of writers
cleve_cartmill	american american novelists
aleš_čar	slovenian from
mitch_berman	american american novelists
marianne_alopaeus	dutch women
benoit_pioulard	american births
mulumba_ivan_matthias	ugandan women
martín_hahn	croatian births
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
františek_sláma_:politician	finnish births
owen_kildare	american american novelists
dale_carnegie	american from
daniel_oster	french births
nick_stone_:author	21st-century people
erik_fosnes_hansen	norwegian from
faolán_mac_an_ghabhann_na_scéal	people births
alistair_paterson	new zealand
philip_f._deaver	american from
paul_goble	american of
gyula_krúdy	hungarian from
rhys_hughes	british births
ellen_handler_spitz	american from
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
frank_s.pepper	british of
david_dalglish	american american novelists
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
elie_wiesel	american american
dorothy_sterling	american women
marion_st_john_webb	english women
alaa_al_aswany	indonesian births
marvin_albert	american american novelists
frances_parthenope_verney	19th-century women writers
arthur_morrison	english english
garth_ennis	new of
radovan_brenkus	living people
c.k.stead	new zealand
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
márcio-andré	brazilian births
richard_walton	american from
collin_wilcox_:writer	american american novelists
han_bi-ya	american people
mark_rowlands	british writers
geoff_thompson_:writer	british births
mike_resnick	american american novelists
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
patricia_wrightson	australian women
patrick_white	australian short
federico_de_roberto	italian italian
barry_took	english educated
igiaba_scego	italian women writers
richard_lane_:writer	australian births
gillian_mears	australian australian
patrick_maher_:writer	american male
robert_gernhardt	german german
geneviève_brisac	french french
david_wild	american of
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
monica_sone	american from
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
noelle_valdivia	american of birth
gore_vidal	american from
bruce_pascoe	australian of writers
enzo_siciliano	italian male
rafael_grugman	russian writers
beverley_nambozo	21st-century women
ottavia_vitagliano	italian italian
d.v.gundappa	indian from
christie_harris	canadian from
frank_o'hara	american from
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
bruno_fuligni	french male
nasir_abbas_nayyar	pakistani births
claude_aveline	french french
friedrich_christian_delius	german from
michelle_herman	living births writers
melanie_walsh	living women writers
matthew_schreuder	australian from
graça_aranha	brazilian deaths
dick_debartolo	people of
midori_:author	american from
giulio_cesare_croce	italian italian
hrishikesh_sulabh	indian male
emily_mitchell	21st-century women writers
cindy_haug	norwegian women writers
mark_porter_:writer	living births
afdhere_jama	american from
barry_webster_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
richard_arès	canadian from
ian_ridpath	people of
riku_sanjo	living people
mary_helen_stefaniak	american of
i.d.du_plessis	south african
dejan_medaković	serbian from
barry_o'brien	american television
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
adam_karrillon	german german
gretel_ehrlich	american american
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
andré_aciman	american american
pinki_virani	indian from
d.harlan_wilson	american american short
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
maria_mutch	canadian canadian novelists
bill_brewster_:dj	british writers
alaya_dawn_johnson	american women novelists
gabriele_kuby	german women writers
edgar_hilsenrath	german german
dan_j.marlowe	american american novelists
nick_mcdonell	american male
christiane_koren	norwegian norwegian writers
herman_miller_:writer	american television
christopher_lukas	american television
alex_law	american comics writers
f.digby_hardy	people of
michael_vosse	american births
caroline_leakey	english women
arthur_c.clarke	english from
arthur_malkin	english births
antonio_tabucchi	italian from
hector_c.macpherson	scottish deaths
robert_karjel	living births
alec_robertson_:music_critic	british of
amy_wright_:writer	american women
erle_elsworth_clippinger	estonian births
nina_josu	moldovan writers
anasuya_shankar	indian writers
dahvi_waller	canadian from writers
michael_mclaverty	irish irish
rené_balcer	canadian from
edgar_allan_poe	american american
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
don_brinkley	american television
conrado_nalé_roxlo	argentine male
fanny_parkes	people births
hubert_harrison	american of
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
panos_koutrouboussis	living people
herbert_meier	people of
reginald_reynolds	scottish births
anne_eyre_worboys	20th-century women novelists
petraq_zoto	20th-century short
françois_bégaudeau	french french
edmund_wilson	american from
feodor_gladkov	russian male
g.waldo_dunnington	american from
dikran_chökürian	ottoman armenian
faolán_mac_an_ghabhann_na_scéal	people births
nikolai_garin-mikhailovsky	russian russian
agnes_sligh_turnbull	american from
glenda_millard	australian women writers
alfredo_seiferheld	male births
allister_sparks	south african
matt_silverstein	american television
frances_stead_sellers	american of
alice_priestley	canadian women
miho_mosulishvili	male births
helene_christaller	german deaths
maria_louise_pool	american children's writers
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
maxim_gorky	russian male
orlando_wells	english male
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
fernanda_eberstadt	21st-century women novelists
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
earl_mindell	american from
evelyn_m.richardson	canadian women novelists
greg_kasavin	american from
elvia_ardalani	mexican births
anna_de_noailles	french french
chester_himes	american from
harlan_greene	american american
david_seals	american american novelists
marielle_heller	living people
gustavo_pallicca	italian births
chitra_fernando	sri lankan
maria_koleva	french births
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
erik_honoré	norwegian births
gregg_bordowitz	american births
frederick_buechner	american from
david_pinski	20th-century deaths
mike_butterworth	english births novelists
paula_gosling	21st-century women novelists
phyllis_chesler	american from
adam_schefter	american from
andrea_ashworth	english women
bill_arp	american from
bertram_brooker	canadian from
alexandre_del_valle	french people
mark_danner	american from
antonio_corma	spanish births
nina_allan	living people
dakshinaranjan_mitra_majumder	bengali writers
rafael_cardoso_:art_historian	mexican births
peter_gould_:writer	american television writers
david_harris_ebenbach	american male novelists
clifford_lindsey_alderman	american american novelists
mildred_cram	american births
matt_selman	american television writers
francis_leslie_ashton	20th-century women novelists
peter_nichols	english male
duncan_regehr	canadian from
harold_preece	american from
paul_vallely	british of
michel_rodange	people births
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
abed_elrahim_abu_zakrra	20th-century deaths
andersen_gabrych	american male
francesco_lomonaco	italian births
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
david_means	american of
francine_noël	canadian women novelists
charity_waciuma	20th-century women
avrom_reyzen	american deaths
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
george_thengummoottil	indian births
amy_braunschweiger	american of birth
penny_martin	alumni of
alexander_stepanovich_yakovlev	russian male
meša_selimović	serbian from
al_boasberg	american from
antoine_blondin	french male
mikhail_artsybashev	russian male
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
holly_hartman	american of birth
denis_johnson	american american
eugie_foster	american american novelists
devananda_bharali	20th-century from
dionysius_lardner	people births
clifford_ball	american male short
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
holley_rubinsky	canadian women novelists
philippe_de_chérisey	people deaths
patricia_st._john	english deaths
ernest_delahaye	french french
patrick_white	australian short
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
michelle_izmaylov	american women novelists
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
hilary_knight_:illustrator	american from
hannah_mary_rothschild	english of
antón_losada_diéguez	italian writers
dale_carnegie	american from
nagasubramanian_chokkanathan	indian indian
britta_gröndahl	20th-century women
esther_averill	american women
mrs_f.c.patrick	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
marie_hall_ets	american of
chantal_renaud	canadian from
ernest_kinoy	american from
hilda_nickson	20th-century women novelists
anita_nair	20th-century indian
mary_noailles_murfree	american women writers
edgar_allan_poe	american american
dick_debartolo	people of
paul_hiebert_:writer	canadian from
huang_yi_:author	hong kong
chris_cleave	english male
priya_a._s	indian indian
dominique_bona	french women
florjan_lipuš	slovenian from
chyung_jinkyu	south births
chris_claremont	english births
clay_fulks	american deaths
dr.seuss	american from
elyse_gasco	canadian canadian novelists
alexandre_beljame	french deaths
baek_minseok	south korean
hermann_goedsche	19th-century deaths
agnes_mary_frances_duclaux	english women
alberto_fuguet	american births
pere_calders	20th-century novelists
christophe_honoré	french male
gunnel_vallquist	swedish swedish
cynthia_kadohata	american women writers
anne_bishop	american women novelists
michael_hoeye	american people
hella_haasse	20th-century women
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
danny_zuker	american television writers
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
frances_hardinge	english of writers missing
carl_fredrik_engelstad	dutch births
emmanuel_bourdieu	french french
nina_george	german women
ananda_chandra_barua	indian from
oliveria_prescott	english deaths
andrew_weiner	canadian from writers
benedict_allen	english of
candace_camp	american women novelists
gyan_chand_jain	recipients writers
arsen_revazov	russian writers
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
heinz_politzer	american jews
robert_bisset	people deaths
quazi_johirul_islam	living people
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
arthur_c.clarke	english from
georges_ribemont-dessaignes	french french
myoma_myint_kywe	burmese births
gordon_rennie	british of
christopher_matthew	people educated
pierre_de_la_primaudaye	french male
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
michael_reaves	american american novelists
gary_d.schmidt	american from novelists
mohandas_nemishray	living of birth
bruno_bernard_:writer	belgian births
barbara_albert	austrian male
carmen_covito	italian births
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
deborah_a.miranda	american american
blake_bailey	american from
astrid_roemer	surinamese births
mihkel_raud	living births
beppe_fenoglio	italian male
charles_steggall	english deaths
gary_shteyngart	american writers
dan_goor	american television
clive_barker	lgbt male
miguel_ángel_villar_pinto	spanish births
arnold_arre	filipino births
randy_cohen	american of
philip_walsingham_sergeant	english births
agneta_horn	swedish women
n._richard_nash	american male novelists
giulio_cogni	italian male
geneviève_brisac	french french
august_derleth	american american novelists
grant_morrison	people of
mike_wolfer	living people birth
david_leavitt	american american
clem_schouwenaars	belgian deaths
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
mohammad-ja'far_pouyandeh	iranian writers
akiva_schaffer	american male
arnold_zweig	german of
philip_k._dick	american american
mary_mapes_dodge	american women
neil_druckmann	american comics
arjen_lubach	dutch births
chester_himes	american from
rob_williams_:comics	living of birth
michael_harris_:editor	canadian canadian
anne_seymour,_countess_of_warwick	16th-century births
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
richard_e._kim	american writers
quentin_lee	canadian from
haakon_bugge_mahrt	norwegian norwegian
rafael_sabatini	english births
heidi_w.durrow	american american
mary_hennell	19th-century women writers
alexandre_del_valle	french people
reza_mirkarimi	iranian births
antón_losada_diéguez	italian writers
andrea_cagan	american of birth
nicholas_kollerstrom	british people
bruce_marshall	people of
eriks_ādamsons	20th-century deaths
ottar_grepstad	living births
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
david_a.adler	american from
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
mike_yaconelli	american deaths
francine_prose	american american novelists
richard_marsland	australian from
refika_birgül	living people
carla_cassidy	american women novelists
guru_prasad_mainali	20th-century novelists
gleb_uspensky	russian male
arturo_jauretche	argentine essayists
paul_gustavson	american deaths
george_geary_bennis	19th-century births
bill_carter	american film directors
howard_w.bergerson	american from
robert_bisset	people deaths
evelyn_waugh	english of
donna_kossy	american women
byron_preiss	american from
narayan_singh_bhati	indian writers
peter_lovesey	english short
philip_ball	english of
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
nagen_saikia	indian indian
marnix_gijsen	flemish from
eugene_fodor_:writer	american from
d.c.fontana	american from
maryana_marrash	chuvash deaths
aleksandar_hemon	american american
mitch_cullin	american american
bernie_s.siegel	american from
carlos_moore_:writer	mexican births
milan_kundera	20th-century births
daniel_handler	american male
michael_neale	american people
gary_m_dobbs	british male
anne_hollingsworth_wharton	american deaths
christiane_akoua_ekué	french births
ada_jack_carver_snell	american from
edward_mccourt	canadian from
david_ebershoff	american male
nicolas_chamfort	19th-century french
preah_botumthera_som	cambodian deaths
piri_thomas	american american
andrea_james	american from
mary_jo_pehl	american television
robert_mccloskey	american from
pattathuvila_karunakaran	20th-century male
mike_heisler	american of birth
nancy_werlin	american women novelists
peter_altenberg	austrian deaths
penny_jordan	20th-century women novelists
robert_chiappetta	american television writers
alan_mak_:director	hong kong
nick_stone_:author	21st-century people
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
maureen_medved	21st-century women novelists
mervyn_peake	english from
maurice_francis_egan	american from
daniel_quinn	american american novelists
cesare_balbo	italian italian
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
midori_:author	american from
david_albahari	serbian novelists
carmen_kurtz	spanish births
norman_hapgood	american from
matt_bullen	english births
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
pier_antonio_quarantotti_gambini	italian italian
michel_rodange	people births
rick_remender	american comics
avrom_reyzen	american deaths
mary_somerville	19th-century women
darrell_figgis	19th-century deaths
mike_carlin	american comics
andre_dubus	american american novelists
han_nolan	american from novelists
adam_klein_:writer	american male
frank_moorhouse	australian short
charles_steggall	english deaths
richard_b._spencer	american from
eric_kripke	american television
alfredo_armas_alfonzo	venezuelan births
pat_caputo	american people
robert_bausch	21st-century american novelists
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
bartolomé_pou	spanish deaths
regina_corrado	american television writers
mykhailo_yalovy	ukrainian deaths
diriye_osman	alumni from
michael_mcquarn	american television writers
georges_perros	french deaths
bob_haney	american age
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
blanche_d'alpuget	20th-century women
elizabeth_deane	year of birth
nene_gare	australian women
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
quazi_johirul_islam	living people
michel_verne	french french novelists
hugh_abercrombie_anderson	canadian from
elizabeth_post	american from
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
ezio_vendrame	italian births
hugo_sonnenschein	german deaths
nancy_kress	american american novelists
muratsan	armenian deaths
dominique_bona	french women
paddy_richardson	21st-century zealand writers
george_saunders	american from
maxim_gorky	russian male
radoje_domanović	serbian deaths
dale_brown	american from
chitra_fernando	sri lankan
michele_val_jean	american television writers
d.c.kizhakemuri	indian from
atis_kronvalds	people deaths
borys_hrinchenko	ukrainian deaths
robert_borden_:tv_producer	american television
conrad_aiken	american american
montague_haltrecht	english from
najmadeen_mala	people deaths
mehdi_azar_yazdi	iranian births
angela_kang	american television writers
arthur_findlay	people deaths
richard_montanari	american american novelists
elaine_coffman	american romantic novelists
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
olaus_magnus	16th-century deaths
nan_chauncy	australian from
amina_adil	burmese deaths
charles_wisner_barrell	people deaths
morris_lurie	australian australian
brian_fawcett	canadian canadian
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
bhaskar_sunkara	american of
brian_cleeve	irish from
anthony_berkeley_cox	english of
carry_van_bruggen	dutch from
andrew_henderson_:writer	scottish births
david_szalay	21st-century women novelists
pauline_johnson	canadian women
antonia_hodgson	21st-century women writers
mayumi_inaba	people births
martha_blum	canadian women
ewa_białołęcka	21st-century women fiction
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
emily_barr	21st-century women writers
bhisham_sahni	indian from
mike_friedrich	american comics
craig_walker_:writer	canadian male
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
david_eddings	american american novelists
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
randy_cohen	american of
hal_higdon	american from
robert_e.thompson	american from
anni_swan	finnish women
michael_kenward	english births
ann_mcgovern	american women
peter_lovesey	english short
mike_barker_:producer	american television writers
nene_gare	australian women
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
claudia_roth_pierpont	american american
harut_sassounian	american deaths
pete_morisi	american comics
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
friedrich_christian_delius	german from
anthony_aikman	british births
cynthia_defelice	20th-century women novelists
meagan_mckinney	21st-century women novelists
ralph_fletcher	american american
rafael_barrett	paraguayan deaths
amiri_baraka	american from
maud_newton	american women
rabina_khan	british of
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
fabio_volo	italian births
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
heather_elizabeth_apple	canadian women writers
antoine_rédier	french male
nevenka_petrić	turkish writers
gunnel_vallquist	swedish swedish
gustavo_álvarez_gardeazábal	chilean births
carolyn_hax	american from
abdul_aziz_said	american of birth
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
pattukkottai_prabakar	indian women
dan_didio	living births
matthew_felker	american male
beb_vuyk	20th-century women writers
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
peter_altenberg	austrian deaths
michael_a._burstein	american american short
félix_morisseau-leroy	20th-century dramatists
r._c._lehmann	people of
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
ahmed_mohamed_al-hofi	people of
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
david_schwartz_:comics	american of birth
anita_pratap	indian women writers
paula_giddings	american university
nancy_holder	american women novelists
peter_morgan	english of
alex_kendrick	american male
hari_krishna_devsare	indian writers
henry_marie_brackenridge	american deaths
achille_essebac	french male
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
elizabeth_bevarly	american romantic novelists
barbara_albert	austrian male
philippe_delerm	21st-century french
philip_r.craig	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
ferdinand_brunetière	french deaths
rachel_abrams	american births
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
alexandra_levit	american births
chuck_philips	american from
fahrettin_çiloğlu	turkish people
r._c._lehmann	people of
carmen_dolores	brazilian women
chet_faliszek	year comics
mazarine_pingeot	french french
francisco_cascales	spanish births
allen_adler	american from
marie-louise_gay	canadian from
eddie_chuculate	american from
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
felice_picano	lgbt american
natsuhiko_kyogoku	japanese births
gordon_stewart_anderson	canadian from
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
robert_bernstein_:comics	american comics
hu_yepin	20th-century deaths
frank_roche	american bloggers
carl_otto_nordensvan	people births
ragnar_frislid	norwegian norwegian
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
cornelius_eady	american american
david_m.alexander	american american novelists
augustus_hare	english deaths
maría_esther_vázquez	argentine women
harold_acton	english of
c.c.swiney	american from
cora_coralina	brazilian women
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
nathan_burrage	australian short story
bertrand_besigye	norwegian norwegian
margaret_mayo_:children's_author	english women writers
heda_margolius_kovály	20th-century women
iffat_ara	bangladeshi writers
gregg_easterbrook	american from
gary_david_goldberg	american television
peter_lovesey	english short
matthew_sturges	american comics
mark_danner	american from
craig_hickman	american from
gerlind_reinshagen	german women
dževad_karahasan	bosnia and
gert_hofmann	20th-century from
margaret_landon	american from
massimo_carlotto	italian births
paolo_tullio	irish writers
dominique_fernandez	french french
michael_markowitz	american male
nikša_gradi	serbian writers
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
bonnie_mark	american television birth
panio_gianopoulos	american of
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
blair_mastbaum	lgbt american
berta_ruck	20th-century women novelists
babasaheb_purandare	indian deaths
chiaki_j.konaka	australian births
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
hedda_zinner	german of
h.j.whigham	scottish births
adriana_lisboa	brazilian women
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
carl_otto_nordensvan	people births
robert_frazier_:writer	american science short
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
ian_macpherson_:comedian	irish births
austin_hall_:writer	american american short
amy_sherman-palladino	american television writers
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
narcís_oller	swedish births
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
peter_demant	russian male
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
adam_kay_:writer	living births
melissa_holbrook_pierson	american people
faranak_margolese	american people
alexios_schandermani	iranian births
martiros_of_crimea	year of birth
brian_jacques	english births
elizabeth_carpenter	american from
melesina_trench	irish women
david_mason_:writer	american american
nahum_benari	israeli jews
philip_kreiner	canadian canadian novelists
matthew_graham	living of birth
clifford_bax	english from
alfred_gissing	english of
agneta_horn	swedish women
eric_wilson_:suspense_writer	american of
miho_mosulishvili	male births
paul_stewart_:writer	english of birth
nancy_kress	american american novelists
blake_masters	american television writers
miles_cain	year of
mary_agria	21st-century american novelists
grace_lin	american women writers
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
gary_david_goldberg	american television
gail_z.martin	american women novelists
ewa_siemaszko	people of
greg_bear	american american novelists
rasmus_steinsvik	norwegian births
cinzia_giorgio	21st-century women
norman_douglas	english of
dun_karm_psaila	people deaths
debito_arudou	american from
danielle_pafunda	american of birth
maureen_child	21st-century women novelists
gary_tillery	american from
e.hoffmann_price	american american short
milt_larsen	american people
osman_güldemir	living people birth
i.d.du_plessis	south african
barrie_jean_borich	21st-century women writers
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
c.n.sreekantan_nair	indian male
michael_ende	german women
fedja_isović	bosnia and herzegovina
helen_lilian_shaw	20th-century women writers
chiara_matraini	italian italian
grant_morrison	people of
nathan_burgoine	canadian canadian novelists
richard_mccann	american from
rob_nieuwenhuys	dutch dutch
alexandre_astier	french male
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
marijac	french births
claude_phillips	english of
philip_dray	american of birth
ibrahim_al-buleihi	saudi arabian
emilio_rabasa	austrian deaths
david_pescovitz	american of birth
peter_gould_:writer	american television writers
ralph_chaplin	american deaths
menis_koumandareas	20th-century novelists
monique_laederach	mexican from
constance_laux	american of novelists
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
matt_silverstein	american television
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
annette_broadrick	american of novelists
niel_bushnell	english births
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
rachel_kushner	21st-century american novelists
christopher_nicole	20th-century women novelists
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
david_pescovitz	american of birth
carl_wilhelm_böttiger	swedish swedish
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
amanda_kyle_williams	american women novelists
p._n._oak	indian writers
dr.pavithran	indian film
andrew_bovell	australian births
david_gaider	canadian game dragons
rajbali_pandey	people writers
alexandre_del_valle	french people
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
richard_mabey	english of
moti_nandi	indian of
georges_belmont	french french
märta_tikkanen	swedish writers
fred_golan	american television birth
antonio_galdo	italian births
dattaram_maruti_mirasdar	indian writers
ashley_bryan	american from
harlan_greene	american american
april_blair	american television writers
myriam_joire	canadian births
bettina_von_arnim	german deaths
frederick_rolfe	english short
margret_rey	german births
maia_wojciechowska	mai wojciechowska is is an american writer and and
otto_manninen	people births
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
richard_euringer	german male
brian_cleeve	irish from
anatoly_kuznetsov	russian writers
patricia_grasso	21st-century women writers
gerald_reece	english of
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
andré_breton	french deaths
andrea_james	american from
e.b.white	american from
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
patrick_white	australian short
mitch_swenson	american of birth
rafe_champion	australian births
patrea_smallacombe	australian women writers
elaine_pope	american television writers
carl_amery	german male
nawal_el_saadawi	egyptian people
charlie_kadau	american male
david_biespiel	american from
france_bevk	slovenian from
david_chase	american television
akira_yoshimura	japanese births
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
etienne_leroux	south deaths
edith_ellis	english women
alan_moore	english births
hilary_knight_:illustrator	american from
andrew_henderson_:writer	scottish births
dominick_dunne	american from
david_madden_:novelist	american from
fazil_iskander	russian short
ben_sherwood	american from
olufemi_terry	people leonean novelists
david_blatner	american births
christopher_rowley	american american novelists
františek_čelakovský	19th-century deaths
merata_kawharu	south zealand
robert_barret	year of birth
e.c.myers	american american novelists
anuraadha_tewari	indian from
d.c.kizhakemuri	indian from
frank_r.stockton	american from
rebecca_skloot	american births writers
benudhar_sharma	indian from
nikhilanand_panigrahy	living writers
diane_fanning	american of novelists
martin_lings	english of
dara_ó_conaola	year of birth missing
angelina_muñiz-huberman	mexican women
gabrielle_lord	australian women
awn_alsharif_qasim	people deaths
maria_stona	20th-century women
helio_vera	male births
phillip_frazer	american births
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
fran_ilich	lgbt births
rafael_grugman	russian writers
bharago	indian from
charles-ferdinand_ramuz	people from
norris_mcwhirter	people of
alexandr_aksakov	imperial russian
alain_leroy_locke	american from
carry_van_bruggen	dutch from
cathleen_with	canadian canadian novelists
garson_kanin	american male novelists
dorothy_allison	american women
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
david_wolstencroft	british of
maría_esther_vázquez	argentine women
christopher_belton	21st-century of
donald_james	british of
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
carolyn_males	american women novelists
henry_lawson	australian women
mary_kingsley	19th-century deaths
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
matthew_berry	american from
alissa_quart	21st-century women
dale_carnegie	american from
gore_vidal	american from
maura_murphy	irish deaths
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
rob_pearlstein	living people
marinko_stevanović	living from
david_heneker	english deaths
carol_emshwiller	american american short
david_j.schwartz_:motivational_writer	american of
daniel_handler	american male
carrie_snyder	canadian women novelists
deborah_kimmett	21st-century women novelists
qiu_jin	people births
meredith_sue_willis	american women novelists
ghulam_sarwar	bangladeshi of
i.c.b.dear	scottish births
duncan_barrett	english educated
marusya_klimova	romanian births
anne_seymour,_countess_of_warwick	16th-century births
gregg_godfrey	american television
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
ningombam_bupenda_meitei	indian from
riccardo_calimani	italian births
robert_sellers	living births
augusten_burroughs	lgbt from
gerry_hunt	british of
elsie_locke	new zealand
barbara_love	american women writers
otto_rahn	people births
elizabeth_sims	21st-century women novelists
nandita_da_cunha	living of
fergus_bordewich	american births
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
brian_leyden	irish irish
alexander_belyaev	russian deaths
clifford_lindsey_alderman	american american novelists
anthony_burgess	english from
bhabani_bhattacharya	indian of
mark_fisher_:theorist	english people
murry_hope	english births
oliver_la_farge	american american
abrar_alvi	indian film directors
grazia_deledda	italian women
clara_de_chatelain	19th-century deaths
helen_weinzweig	canadian canadian novelists
françois_sonkin	french french novelists
maynah_lewis	20th-century romantic novelists
martha_stephens	american film
helene_voigt-diederichs	20th-century women
david_docherty	british of
daisy_hernández	american women
boori_monty_pryor	australian from writers
imad_rahman	american of
francesco_carotta	british births
owen_wister	american from
mike_thomas_:author	british births
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
amaresh_misra	telugu of birth missing
paul_neal	living people
eliza_frances_andrews	american american
gisèle_bienne	french french novelists
melissa_bradshaw	english of
riccardo_bacchelli	italian women
derek_benz	american american novelists
pierre_mertens	belgian births
gustaw_herling-grudziński	polish from
edith_ellis	english women
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
atis_kronvalds	people deaths
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
hsu_shin	burmese deaths
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
chris_broadribb	20th-century women writers
nilmoni_phukan_:senior	asom from
nina_berberova	russian russian
pierre_broodcoorens	belgian deaths
froma_harrop	american women
gilbert_gerard_:theological_writer	scottish of
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
eric_wilson_:suspense_writer	american of
melissa_bradshaw	english of
abbas_el-zein	japanese births
hilario_barrero	spanish male
byron_vincent	british births
corín_tellado	spanish women
michelle_jerott	21st-century women writers
anil_ghorai	indian from
david_rakoff	american american
bill_ransom	american american short
mark_forsyth	english births
david_paul_kuhn	american from
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
deb_amlen	american male
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
francisco_cascales	spanish births
r._j._ellory	english births
felicity_dowker	australian from
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
nowsher_ali_khan_yusufzai	bengali deaths
abujafar_shamsuddin	bengali births
david_malouf	australian short
mary_francis_shura	american women novelists
hubert_crackanthorpe	english short
eliáš_galajda	people writers
paul_stewart_:writer	english of birth
edward_mccourt	canadian from
b.clay_moore	american of birth
ferdinand_brunetière	french deaths
marjabelle_young_stewart	american births
constance_laux	american of novelists
phil_pepe	american deaths
i.d.du_plessis	south african
ekalavyan_:novelist	indian male
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
michael_gallagher_:writer	american comics writers
pat_rosier	new zealand
andy_luckey	american from
musa_haji_ismail_galal	indonesian deaths
michael_carrington_:voice_actor	american television writers
colum_mccann	american from
riccardo_bacchelli	italian women
michael_blouin_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
marko_vovchok	ukrainian births
daniel_way	american comics
alec_sulkin	american television writers
andre_norton	american american novelists
robert_damon_schneck	year of birth
flora_annie_steel	19th-century short
gita_mehta	indian from
fiona_fox_:press_officer	people of
edmund_wilson	american from
david_ruprecht	american from
margaret_bakkes	south african writers
meliza_bañales	american women
guy_du_fresnay	french male
eugene_jolas	american american
archibald_gracie_iv	american from
petro_marko	albanian short
robb_white	american american
elsa_joubert	south african
denys_val_baker	english of
alfredo_seiferheld	male births
barbara_bloom	american television writers
antoni_bohdziewicz	israeli deaths
amrit_rai	indian from
danny_hoch	american from
emma_dolujanoff	mexican women writers
pacho_o'donnell	argentine births
mike_leigh	english male
cornelia_meigs	american american
denis_norden	english male
disappearance_of_susan_walsh	american male
richard_arès	canadian from
martine_broda	french women writers
donald_james	british of
gerasimos_vokos	people deaths
charlie_angus	canadian from
canan_topçu	turkish people
norman_ward	canadian from
francisco_de_moraes	year births
g.f.zaimis	american women
heinz_liepmann	german deaths
betty_o'rourke	20th-century deaths novelists
marta_kauffman	american male
henry_joseph_monck_mason	people births
amil_niazi	canadian women writers
peter_altenberg	austrian deaths
erika_cheetham	english deaths
harry_browne	american from
eulalie_spence	american american
hubert_crackanthorpe	english short
dave_eggers	american american
claire_mackay	canadian from
archemachus_of_euboea	year of
raffaele_la_capria	italian italian
constance_hale	american women writers
panteleimon_romanov	russian short
philip_ball	english of
alain_chedanne	french births
maximilian_bern	german births
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
clara_ng	saudi births
arnold_stadler	german women
evaristo_de_miranda	brazilian births
michael_ende	german women
deb_amlen	american male
george_metcalf_johnson	american from
nathuram_premi	indian deaths
rené_daumal	french french
furman_bisher	american from
alexis_wright	australian women
christine_angot	french women writers
eric_wilson_:suspense_writer	american of
rob_gerrand	living people
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
hank_kanalz	american of birth
hugh_walters_:author	english deaths
elisabeth_de_mariaffi	canadian women novelists
guido_monte	italian male
don_dickinson	canadian canadian novelists
mark_spector	living people
david_eddie	canadian from
nigel_collins	year of birth
hovhannes_setian	armenian deaths
max_kruse_:author	german deaths
chris_lang	english male
eduard_uspensky	russian male
fernando_argenta	spanish male
bagrat_ulubabyan	people deaths
constance_lindsay_skinner	canadian from
donna_kossy	american women
efraim_medina_reyes	colombian short
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
deidre_behar	american births
radu_pavel_gheo	romanian short
dwayne_mcduffie	american comics
alex_kendrick	american male
netta_syrett	english english
beverly_swerling	american women novelists
michael_blouin_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
annejet_van_der_zijl	20th-century women writers
nathan_shaham	israeli novelists
de_lysle_ferree_cass	american american novelists
robert_t.jeschonek	american american short
clive_barker	lgbt male
gordon_lish	american american novelists
maria_von_peteani	20th-century deaths
ekhlasuddin_ahmed	bangladeshi of
peter_ho_davies	british of
guido_piovene	italian italian
david_madden_:novelist	american from
gary_victor	haitian dramatists
oliveria_prescott	english deaths
alissa_york	canadian women novelists
adam_zeis	american male
eric_rohmann	american from
cristina_ali_farah	italian births
margaret_landon	american from
amy_wallace	20th-century women writers
musa_anter	people deaths
anthony_browne_:author	british of writers
mary_martha_sherwood	english women writers
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
baburao_bagul	marathi-language deaths
philip_k._dick	american american
richard_james_gelles	american of
motohiko_izawa	japanese japanese
marguerite_rawalt	american deaths
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
alexander_sheller	russian deaths
david_milch	american from
mary_somerville	19th-century women
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
nella_bielski	french french writers
dante_troisi	italian male
alice_mcdermott	american women
florida_friebus	american from
flora_annie_steel	19th-century short
quentin_crisp	english male
r._k._narayan	indian from
craig_hinton	20th-century short
peter_grimwade	british television
nabarun_bhattacharya	indian of
federico_campbell	mexican women
radoslav_pavlović	living people
nasir_abbas_nayyar	pakistani births
paul_reed_:writer	american american
denis_johnson	american american
ardath_mayhar	american american novelists
mark_hentemann	american television writers
anthony_sampson	english of
elizabeth_buchan	20th-century women novelists
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
carlos_moore_:writer	mexican births
mykola_kulish	ukrainian from
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
henri_thomas	french french novelists
ernest_holmes	american from
danton_remoto	filipino births
mark_lund	american from
c.j.sansom	british of
estela_canto	argentine women
claude_faraggi	french births
ephraim_of_bonn	filipino births
bernard_maclaverty	scottish of
helen_pidd	people of
olaug_løken	norwegian writers
michael_ruppert	american from
allen_spraggett	canadian births
anatoly_gunitsky	soviet of
mark_gruenwald	american comics
carolyn_reeder	american women novelists
melissa_bradshaw	english of
marjorie_williams	american from
matt_bell_:author	american births
peter_moore_smith	american of novelists
daniel_ivin	croatian births
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
greg_cox_:writer	american american novelists
darren_barefoot	canadian male
michael_korda	british of
miran_jarc	slovenian births
elizabeth_arnold_:children's_writer	english births
edmond_fleg	french french
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
herbert_meier	people of
michael_lent_:writer_and_producer	american male
morris_beckman_:writer	english births
margery_latimer	american american novelists
maria_jacquemetton	american television writers
carlos_monsiváis	mexican births
peadar_toner_mac_fhionnlaoich	people deaths
michael_friscolanti	canadian of
alba_de_céspedes_y_bertini	20th-century women
mark_pilkington_:writer	british people
gordon_rennie	british of
g.s.amur	indian from
nikolai_garin-mikhailovsky	russian russian
mark_blagrave	canadian canadian novelists
gen_urobuchi	japanese births
charles_perez	american from
david_edelsten	british of
catherine_seipp	american from
min_yu_wai	burmese writers
maurissa_tancharoen	american from
paola_drigo	italian women
geoff_dyer	english of
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
richard_lane_:writer	australian births
mato_lovrak	20th-century novelists
paulo_setúbal	brazilian births
fran_detela	slovenian of
anton_schnack	german german
quentin_lee	canadian from
adolfo_bioy_casares	argentine births
richard_jefferies	english births
harry_hodgkinson_:writer	english of
gordon_lish	american american novelists
marisha_pessl	21st-century american novelists
drew_hayes	american comics
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
biswapati_sarkar	indian of
hilton_als	american of
eugen_kumičić	croatian novelists
abdul_aziz_said	american of birth
david_baillie_:comics	british of
phillipe-ignace_françois_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
emmanuel_f.lacaba	filipino births
charles_dickens	english male
aurelian_silvestru	moldovan writers
marusya_klimova	romanian births
barrie_jean_borich	21st-century women writers
garry_ryan	canadian canadian novelists
r._c._lehmann	people of
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
george_wilbur_peck	american from
paul_goma	romanian essayists
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
mary_agria	21st-century american novelists
harriot_eaton_stanton_blatch	american from
dmytro_dontsov	ukrainian deaths
antoni_bohdziewicz	israeli deaths
chris_thompson_:tv_producer	american television
patricia_wrede	21st-century women novelists
mark_tungate	british of is
alba_de_céspedes_y_bertini	20th-century women
arvède_barine	french deaths
paulette_nardal	20th-century women writers
fred_davis_:entrepreneur	american male
maureen_child	21st-century women novelists
dan_turèll	male births
mike_benson_:screenwriter	american television writers
eudora_welty	american american
mitchell_burgess	american television writers
mark_hentemann	american television writers
ben_t.elliott	american births
robert_t.jeschonek	american american short
fang_zhouzi	american births
frank_d.graham	american of
dan_shaughnessy	american from
pat_flower	australian women
elisabeth_borchers	20th-century women
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
fazil_iskander	russian short
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
ilka_stitz	german women
dmytro_dontsov	ukrainian deaths
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
nikos_e._politis	serbian of
geoff_thompson_:writer	british births
eynon_evans	british births
ian_bone_:author	australian births
glória_perez	slovenian births
david_ebershoff	american male
matthew_randazzo_v	american births
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
asar_eppel	russian short
birgitta_trotzig	swedish from
cristina_ali_farah	italian births
mike_smithson_:politics	people of
deb_caletti	21st-century women novelists
bimal_kar	bengali writers
betty_fussell	american births writers
henri_antoine_jules-bois	french deaths
cristina_ali_farah	italian births
blake_bailey	american from
peter_rühmkorf	german from
mary_e._pearson	american of writers
ali_el-maak	20th-century deaths
helen_walsh	english male
megan_morrone	american births
edward_lewes_cutts	english deaths
hannah_more	english women
boris_georgievich_derevenskij	russian male
bishwanath_ghosh	indian from
pavel_řezníček	argentine births
patrick_aleph	american from
halldór_laxness	people deaths
franco_scaglia	italian italian
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
rashid_jahan	20th-century deaths
antoine_blondin	french male
nan_fairbrother	people deaths
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
clayton_rawson	american american novelists
edward_mccourt	canadian from
g.a.natesan	20th-century from
pierre_ryckmans_:writer	21st-century births
excilia_saldaña	21st-century women
ricardo_barreiro	argentine male
gerald_vizenor	american american
cintra_wilson	american women
nella_bielski	french french writers
benoît_mouchart	french births
richard_titlebaum	american american
earl_shorris	american births
patrick_lapeyre	french french
elizabeth_tyrwhitt	english of writers
gabrielle_stanton	american television writers
oscar_saul	american deaths
franz_kafka	austrian births
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
alf_collett	norwegian births
allan_sherman	american from
nguyễn_ngọc_tư	living people
alexandru_bantoș	moldovan writers
paul_brodeur	american male
hwang_jung-eun	south births
catherynne_m.valente	21st-century american novelists
christopher_paul_curtis	american from novelists
darnell_l.moore	american of
benjamin_cheever	american american novelists
martha_wells	american american novelists
rina_brundu	italian women writers
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
elliot_greenebaum	american from
flavio_herrera	guatemalan short
blair_mastbaum	lgbt american
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
c.b.cebulski	year of birth missing
cleve_cartmill	american american novelists
gavriil_troyepolsky	russian deaths
peter_coleman	australian of
alix_kates_shulman	21st-century women novelists
ernest_hillen	canadian canadian
miguel_otero_silva	20th-century from
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
george_william_curtis	american american
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
gary_paulsen	american american novelists
ben_stein	american male
dave_stone	english births
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
c.v.sreeraman	indian male
mile_markovski	people deaths
dave_eggers	american american
adibah_amin	malaysian writers
philipp_meyer	american american
claude_aveline	french french
farhad_mazhar	bangladeshi of
greg_egan	australian from
polonca_kovač	slovenian from
manzoor_ahtesham	marc j. is is a writer writer and
pierre_assouline	french births
adrian_cristobal	people births
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
nick_towne	american television writers
andrew_michael_hurley	british of birth missing
adam_gopnik	american from
miho_mosulishvili	male births
marie-anne_desmarest	french women writers
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
frank_waters	american from
claude_faraggi	french births
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
peg_lynch	american from
mohammed_rateb_al-nabulsi	living writers
milan_milićević	serbian deaths
helene_voigt-diederichs	20th-century women
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
neal_thompson	living people
gilles-françois_de_beauvais	1693 births
meridel_le_sueur	american women
maxim_gorky	russian male
baek_minseok	south korean
didi_menosi	israeli jews
gyan_chaturvedi	indian from
helen_m.roberts	american from
michael_seitzman	american births
michelle_king	american television writers
michael_ende	german women
conrado_nalé_roxlo	argentine male
donald_e.westlake	american american novelists
djuna_barnes	american american
domingo_del_monte	austrian women
amrita_pritam	indian from
carl_fredrik_engelstad	dutch births
rex_stout	american from
abdullah_tahiri	people deaths
brian_aldiss	english from
drago_jančar	slovenian from
gérard_de_villiers	french deaths
margot_bennett_:writer	20th-century women fiction
nick_bernardone	american from
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
christopher_robbins	british births
elchin_afandiyev	azerbaijani writers
al-jahiz	people deaths
eric_van_lustbader	american american novelists
edward_docx	english births
chris_bartlett_:writer	british births
david_carr_:journalist	american from
mat_johnson	american from
hrishikesh_sulabh	indian male
ida_pollock	20th-century women novelists
donald_james	british of
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
husna_ahmad	british of
michael_j._weithorn	american television
bill_conall	canadian canadian
ameen_rihani	american american
charles_de_lint	21st-century from novelists
pierre_ryckmans_:writer	21st-century births
abraham_brumberg	israeli writers
phiroz_mehta	people of
han_su-san	south korean
edgar_wallace	english male
gabrielle_stanton	american television writers
alex_leslie	21st-century women novelists
mary_ann_kelty	19th-century women writers
caroline_leakey	english women
michael_t.kaufman	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
alan_cheuse	american american short
efraim_medina_reyes	colombian short
gary_delaney	english births
francesco_scipione,_marchese_di_maffei	italian births
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
richard_holloway	scottish of
anthony_armstrong_:writer	20th-century male
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
patrick_aleph	american from
ian_rowland	year of birth missing
arthur_findlay	people deaths
robert_antoni	american from
eli_clare	american from
daniel_newman_:academic	british births
rajiva_wijesinha	south of
quentin_crisp	english male
friedrich_de_la_motte_fouqué	german births
paul_hoffman_:business_writer	american from
barbara_hall_:tv_producer	american women writers
onat_kutlar	turkish writers
brian_hodge	american american novelists
peter_coleman	australian of
dmitry_begichev	russian deaths
peter_brimelow	american from
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
michael_neale	american people
guri_vesaas	norwegian norwegian writers
angela_bianchini	italian women
andrew_mcculloch_:writer_and_actor	people of
h.r.percy	canadian male novelists
eugenio_vegas_latapie	spanish births
martin_andersen_nexø	danish births
hemchandra_goswami	asom from
a.m.homes	american american
paul_goma	romanian essayists
meletius_smotrytsky	polish deaths
adam_kuckhoff	german german
blanche_d'alpuget	20th-century women
damon_lindelof	american television
patrick_f._mcmanus	american from
daryn_tufts	american from
gail_tredwell	australian births
geneviève_brisac	french french
birendra_kumar_bhattacharya	indian from
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
frances_stead_sellers	american of
marilyn_kaye	living from
grace_kennedy_:writer	19th-century women
douglas_bland	canadian women birth
david_fisher_:writer	british births
marusya_klimova	romanian births
azar_nafisi	saudi arabian
dave_laing	english of
david_callaham	american births
arun_joshi	indian writers
caroline_leakey	english women
paulette_bourgeois	canadian people
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
peter_bander_van_duren	german deaths
paul_reed_:writer	american american
guy_davenport	american american
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
alexander_tarasov-rodionov	russian male
nora_bossong	german women
mikhail_artsybashev	russian male
phyllis_chesler	american from
rebecca_rand_kirshner	american television writers
maurice_bladel	people births
hamid_dizdar	bosnia and
nino_nakashidze	20th-century women
neil_macfarquhar	american of
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
michael_a._walker	living people
eric_dando	australian short story
otto_rahn	people births
matthew_gavin_frank	american births
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
diamond_shumsher_rana	20th-century deaths
moira_kirland	american television writers
claude_roger-marx	french french
mosse_jørgensen	norwegian births
robert_leighton_:cartoonist	living people
rictor_norton	american from
avadhanam_sita_raman	indian from
golam_mostofa_:poet	indian from
michio_takeyama	japanese japanese
bev_sellars	canadian women writers
dale_smith_:writer	english male
david_milofsky	american american short
evadne_price	20th-century women writers
dragomir_brajković	serbian from
haki_stërmilli	19th-century deaths
frankétienne	haitian dramatists
debbie_moon	21st-century women writers
heinz_piontek	german deaths
danny_zuker	american television writers
hans_krieger	german german
alan_booth	english births
fred_van_lente	american comics
debbie_dadey	american children's
otto_rahn	people births
garson_kanin	american male novelists
gardner_fox	american comics
alan_bleasdale	english male
barbara_hemphill	irish women
anita_nair	20th-century indian
max_picard	german births
bernice_morgan	canadian women novelists
mikal_sylten	norwegian births
e.b.white	american from
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
ilana_mercer	canadian of
alice_dayrell_caldeira_brant	brazilian deaths
george_turner_:writer	australian science fiction
andrea_heuser	german women
benedict_james	british births
i.dragoslav	romanian short
marie_kohler	american from
moderata_fonte	italian women
peter_bander_van_duren	german deaths
garnet_walch	australian deaths
robert_morace	american births writers
caroline_dale_snedeker	american from
robert_antoni	american from
evan_fallenberg	american american
martha_stephens	american film
mimi_leahey	american television writers
drago_jančar	slovenian from
emmanuel_bourdieu	french french
robbie_branscum	american women
christina_hardyment	british births
francisco_xavier_da_cruz	cape verdean
nasir_abbas_nayyar	pakistani births
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
petar_stapov	people deaths
peter_demant	russian male
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
diana_abgar	people from
alphonse_olterdissen	people births
dumitru_matcovschi	moldovan writers
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
peter_weiss	german from
daniel-rops	french french
dave_godfrey	canadian from
henry_kreisel	canadian male novelists
pierre_ryckmans_:writer	21st-century births
rituparna_basu	living from
evan_dunsky	american television writers
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
françois_duprat	french births
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
buz_kohan	american television
mimi_leahey	american television writers
hermann_broch	austrian deaths
bhudev_mukhopadhyay	bengali from
bill_coffin	american from
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
philippe_le_sueur_mourant	people births
bob_ellis	australian from
anna_fienberg	australian children's writers
cezaro_rossetti	scottish of
claude_phillips	english of
abdul_qayum_:imam	british births
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
bertrand_besigye	norwegian norwegian
hannah_more	english women
c.e.webber	english births
brian_burland	people births
richard_leonard	people of
daniel_abraham_:author	american american novelists
glendon_swarthout	american american
frank_skinner	english educated
gita_sahgal	indian from
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
anne_gregg	people births
gabriele_kuby	german women writers
marie-anne_de_bovet	french women writers
c.j.sansom	british of
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
bernard_noël	french french novelists
michael_lemonick	american people
catherine_lacey_:author	american american
masaki_tsuji	japanese births
daniel_abraham_:author	american american novelists
ichirō_sakaki	living births
michael_ende	german women
george_griffith	british of
michael_barringer	british of
cuthbert_hamilton-ellis	people deaths
andrés_useche	american births
david_de_vries	australian births
hala_misrati	australian births
ahmad_baba_al_massufi	people births
françoise_parturier	french women writers
mary_miller_:writer	21st-century women novelists
richard_james_gelles	american of
brian_aldiss	english from
opal_whiteley	american births
richard_leonard	people of
hsu_shin	burmese deaths
gilles_leroy	21st-century essayists
anil_gupta	british births
david_icke	english of
brigitte_aubert	french women writers
maximilian_bern	german births
george_lockhart_:politician	people of
rasul_rza	azerbaijani from
dino_stamatopoulos	american television
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
mouloud_mammeri	people births
alan_moore	english births
martine_broda	french women writers
ali_ashraf_darvishian	iranian births
nuala_ní_chonchúir	irish women
eileen_favorite	american births
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
piers_brendon	british of
max_handley	british births
christine_beatty_:activist	american from
michael_jackson_:writer	english educated
milan_paroški	serbian of
gita_sahgal	indian from
max_huwyler	living people
derek_benz	american american novelists
francisco_domene	spanish male
mark_friedman	american births
raditya_dika	living births
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
coral_lansbury	australian from
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
david_j.mitchell	canadian from
robert_antelme	french deaths
dibyendu_palit	indian of
marie-anne_de_roumier-robert	french women writers
p._sivakami	living writers
colin_blumenau	british television
aonghas_macneacail	scottish births
elmer_clifton	american male
rené_balcer	canadian from
maureen_child	21st-century women novelists
alice_sebold	21st-century women
georgi_pulevski	people deaths
mark_mills_:writer	british of
andré_couteaux	french deaths
maureen_medved	21st-century women novelists
patrick_califia	american from
meeka_walsh	canadian canadian novelists
morris_lurie	australian australian
andy_stanton	english of writers
mavor_moore	canadian male
marie_hermanson	swedish women
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
elizabeth_herbert,_baroness_herbert_of_lea	english women writers
mary_noailles_murfree	american women writers
han_bi-ya	american people
es'kia_mphahlele	south african
mehdi_khalaji	iranian births
maxine_mcarthur	21st-century women writers
mary_elizabeth_mohl	people from
obert_skye	american of birth
ben_domenech	american from
chirlane_mccray	american of
charlotta_frölich	19th-century births
michael_moorcock	english science
borys_hrinchenko	ukrainian deaths
miguel_de_portilla_y_esquivel	spanish births
milan_paroški	serbian of
mulumba_ivan_matthias	ugandan women
mary_brave_bird	american deaths
bob_haney	american age
milo_urban	spanish writers
george_mogridge_:old_humphrey	english english
alex_kendrick	american male
de_lysle_ferree_cass	american american novelists
rebecca_abe	german women writers
barbara_cooney	american from
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
mary_mapes_dodge	american women
gerhard_polt	german male
matt_charlton	living of
maxim_gorky	russian male
carl_potts	american comics
myriam_joire	canadian births
mavis_nicholson	british births
fred_uhlman	people writers
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
catherine_yronwode	american from
ben_sanders_:author	new zealand writers
pat_murphy_:sports_journalist	british of birth
peter_simpson_:writer	new of
erica_ehm	canadian from
füruzan	turkish people
audre_lorde	american american
betim_muço	albanian albanian
christiane_rochefort	french women writers
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
bob_paris	american from
robert_musil	20th-century women
darril_fosty	canadian of
henri_deberly	french french
arne_espeland	norwegian norwegian
mirosław_nahacz	polish male
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
afdhere_jama	american from
adibah_amin	malaysian writers
antoni_bohdziewicz	israeli deaths
aqeel_abbas_jafari	pakistani births
phillip_margolin	american american
nigar_rafibeyli	azerbaijani novelists
rafael_chaparro_madiedo	20th-century novelists
amber_dawn	21st-century women
chris_regan	american of birth
herbort_of_fritzlar	german deaths
parker_marie_molloy	american from
hervé_bazin	french french
eliza_clark_:author	canadian women writers
dionysius_lardner	people births
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
brian_keenan_:writer	people of
bill_sherk	year of birth
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
miguel_otero_silva	20th-century from
elizabeth_humphreys_penrose	american american novelists
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
mehdi_khalaji	iranian births
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
alexander_russell_webb	american from
gemma_files	canadian from writers
robert_haven_schauffler	american from
chris_hayward	american from
alan_dean_foster	american american novelists
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
frances_erskine_inglis,_1st_marquise_of_calderón_de_la_barca	british of
mike_sussman_:tv_promotions_writer/producer	american people writers
carole_wilkinson	australian children's writers
peter_morgan	english of
geoff_thompson_:writer	british births
ali-akbar_sa'idi_sirjani	iranian deaths
akif_pirinçci	german from
magne_hovden	malaysian births
robert_rosen_:writer	american people
michel_onfray	french french
pierrette_fleutiaux	french women writers
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
phil_lollar	american births
husna_ahmad	british of
chris_langham	english male
benudhar_rajkhowa	asom from
adrian_hyland	australian australian
christabel_bielenberg	people deaths
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
neil_macfarquhar	american of
nick_flynn	american male
chris_hayward	american from
mitchell_hurwitz	american television writers
gary_russell	english male
amarkant	indian writers
george_harmon_coxe	american american novelists
cherith_baldry	21st-century women novelists
anthony_simmons_:writer	english educated
bob_martin_:comedian	canadian births
petra_hammesfahr	german women
felix_c.gotschalk	american american novelists
giammaria_mazzucchelli	italian deaths
anne_villeneuve	canadian from
hilton_als	american of
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
merch_bradt_stewart	american from
garth_christian	english of
barry_took	english educated
genevieve_foster	american from
brandon_jones_:singer	hong births
margaret_roper	english women
phil_lollar	american births
oralkhan_bokeev	people deaths
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
brett_harvey_:director	year of birth
felix_c.gotschalk	american american novelists
robert_l.fish	american american novelists
marjorie_wallace_:sane	british of
rasheed_ahmad_siddiqui	recipients from
ernest_buckler	canadian from
moderata_fonte	italian women
ahmet_zappa	american male
frances_hardinge	english of writers missing
ernie_hart	american comics
gay_caswell	syrian of is
paul_scott_:comics	living people birth
panchapakesa_jayaraman	indian of
araceli_ardón	mexican women
david_r.george_iii	american american novelists
peter_david	american from novelists
elizabeth_herbert,_baroness_herbert_of_lea	english women writers
abraham_h.de_vries	british births
pierre_bettencourt	french deaths
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
basil_h.johnston	canadian from
clifford_bax	english from
aaron_hoffman	american deaths
paul_tomalin	living of birth
nina_arkina	20th-century women writers
erik_larsen	american comics
michel_kilo	syrian of
maría_teresa_tula	living people
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
hashir_mohamed	living births
duane_swierczynski	american american novelists
henri_pichette	french french
harriet_fier	american of birth
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
felice_schwartz	american women
derek_santos_olson	american television writers
helen_pidd	people of
arimasa_osawa	japanese japanese
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
hiroko_takenishi	japanese births
elisha_cooper	american of
franz_gehring	german deaths
alain_jouffroy	french french
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
richard_jefferies	english births
darrell_figgis	19th-century deaths
michelle_izmaylov	american women novelists
bryan_thao_worra	american from
chowdhury_gulam_akbar	bengali writers
frank_waters	american from
marjorie_lewty	british women novelists
mary_philadelphia_merrifield	19th-century women
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
rashid_jahan	20th-century deaths
clifford_bax	english from
melissa_schroeder	american women novelists
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
albert_ghica	people births
greg_olear	american from
mervyn_peake	english from
henry_stephens_salt	english of
catherine_archer	year of birth
george_calderon	english of
richard_glatzer	american from
alexander_goldstein_:writer	russian novelists
reginald_campbell	british births
brian_leyden	irish irish
christine_whelan	american births
ed_driscoll	american of birth
clare_winger_harris	american american short
c.d.payne	american american novelists
betty_jane_wylie	canadian from
phil_lollar	american births
daithí_ó_muirí	irish short
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
george_ade	american american
antoine_rédier	french male
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
norman_rush	american american novelists
nicolae_negru	moldovan writers
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
nandini_sidda_reddy	indian writers
bruno_lasker	american births
abdal_bela	pakistani births
brian_cleeve	irish from
eugène_mouton	french male
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
harriet_a.washington	american of birth
maria_belakhova	russian writers
giulio_angioni	italian italian
menelaos_lountemis	20th-century novelists
gabriel_benoist	french deaths
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
amy_yamada	japanese births
philip_ó_ceallaigh	irish women
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
chris_langham	english male
basil_copper	english births
himanish_goswami	indian writers
franz_kafka	austrian births
mike_penner	american from
paul_chaplin	american television writers
ben_raab	american comics
opal_whiteley	american births
david_leavitt	american american
francine_du_plessix_gray	american american
arabella_edge	21st-century women writers
randy_cohen	american of
connie_booth	american from
arvède_barine	french deaths
rené_balcer	canadian from
clement_clarke_moore	american from
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
anne_douglas_sedgwick	20th-century women writers
antonio_alatorre	20th-century from
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
nasir_abbas_nayyar	pakistani births
henry_jones_:writer	english births
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
adrian_cornelius_langerwerf	new zealand writers
peter_elliot	american male
i.dragoslav	romanian short
george_washington_moon	19th-century deaths
alexandru_djuvara	people deaths
r._k._narayan	indian from
dušan_čater	slovenian from
mary_lee_settle	american american
ignacio_ramírez	austrian deaths
femi_osofisan	south african
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
martha_blum	canadian women
david_means	american of
donna_williams	australian from
francisco_bilbao	people deaths
neil_druckmann	american comics
myrna_dey	canadian women novelists
brockton_mckinney	american american short
maurice_constantin-weyer	french french
chuck_philips	american from
mağjan_jumabayev	people deaths
emma_richler	21st-century canadian short
henrique_abranches	20th-century from
adam_resnick	american television writers
delwar_hussain	alumni of
gene_luen_yang	american from
august_derleth	american american novelists
awn_alsharif_qasim	people deaths
howard_gordon	american television
dionciel_armstrong	american film
prabhakar_pendharkar	people births
christine_adamo	french women writers
elie_wiesel	american american
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
emily_kai_bock	canadian from
anthony_eaton	australian australian novelists
david_j.bradley	american from
arthur_bradford	american american
margaret_roper	english women
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
nils_nordberg	norwegian norwegian writers
amos_oz	israeli novelists
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
min_yu_wai	burmese writers
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
eric_holmes_:videogame_designer	canadian comics is
claire_cook	21st-century women novelists
charles_willeford	american from
miguel_de_portilla_y_esquivel	spanish births
hartmut_abendschein	german births
richard_strange	english male
daniel_vávra	video game
george_geary_bennis	19th-century births
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
philippe-joseph_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
robert_mccrum	english of
hans_fallada	german deaths
helyn_hitchcock	year of birth
anna_godbersen	american from
ada_cambridge	australian women
clayton_matthews	american american novelists
don_payne_:writer	american from
eve_zaremba	canadian women
angeliki_palli	italian italian
anatole_broyard	american from
hans_kristian_eriksen	norwegian norwegian
alfred_mann_:musicologist	american births
anna_seghers	german of
david_gaider	canadian game dragons
fran_levstik	slovenian deaths
mitch_cullin	american american
eugene_george_key	american american novelists
fabio_volo	italian births
arleen_paré	canadian women
henry_winterfeld	american births
david_bergman_:american_writer	american male
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
alexander_prokhanov	russian writers
dennis_kelly	english male
charlotta_frölich	19th-century births
bhisham_sahni	indian from
peter_stanford	english births
rafe_champion	australian births
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
alan_coleman	australian births
richard_crasta	american male
arthur_golden	american from
ram_punjwani	indian from
emily_newell_blair	american from
parnell_hall_:writer	american american novelists
gerhard_dengler	german from
edward_r.pease	english of
emilio_salgari	italian male
caro_ramsay	year of birth
eric_de_kuyper	belgian births
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
beverley_jackson	american women novelists
peter_dubé	canadian male novelists
bert_sugar	american of writers
c.s.lakshmi	indian indian
matthew_tobin_anderson	american american novelists
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
andré_breton	french deaths
patrick_white	australian short
george_mcleod_winsor	19th-century women
chris_bachelder	american from
grazia_deledda	italian women
morris_lurie	australian australian
david_garnett	20th-century short
david_ruprecht	american from
michael_harris_:editor	canadian canadian
charlotte_link	german women
randall_jahnson	american male
esther_rochon	canadian women novelists
michael_rowbotham	living people
nancy_cato	20th-century women
paul_kivel	american of writers
richard_crasta	american male
belo_cipriani	american american
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
alexandre_astier	french male
nikolay_breshko-breshkovsky	russian russian
adam_kuckhoff	german german
benjamin_braidley	english deaths
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
oscar_alfaro	people deaths
alex_sheshunoff	american of
georgia_byng	people of
elizabeth_lambert	20th-century women novelists
dan_swimer	british of birth
phyllis_a.whitney	marc j. is is a american writer and and
alison_dolling	australian from
anne_degrace	21st-century women writers
aaron_paquette	canadian from
paul_cottin	french deaths
ernest_gébler	irish from
alana_lowes	australian from
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
dejan_medaković	serbian from
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
andrzej_sapkowski	20th-century short
erica_james	20th-century women novelists
frederick_buechner	american from
maureen_howard	american american
faranak_margolese	american people
norberto_romualdez	people writers
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
michael_lawrence_:writer	living of
eun_heekyung	south korean
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
dean_lorey	american television
marc_guggenheim	marc births is a american writer writer and
chandradhar_barua	20th-century from
gisele_lagace	canadian comics
chris_boucher	british births writers
bill_bauer_:poet	canadian from
bruce_kalish	american television
michael_shermer	american from
a.m.homes	american american
mary_stolz	american women novelists
heather_macallister	american women novelists
chandra_prasad_saikia	indian from
enrique_gonzález_rojo,_jr	mexican births
colin_dexter	english of
patricia_bernard	21st-century women writers
attia_hosain	indian from
gert_prokop	german male
abdurrahman_sharafkandi	serbian writers
david_gallaher	american from
ethel_portnoy	dutch deaths
adrian_hyland	australian australian
ndyakira_amooti	year of
adam_elliot	australian births
ramanlal_soni	people deaths
hari_krishna_devsare	indian writers
mookonda_poonacha_nitin_kushalappa	living people
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
alexander_yashin	ukrainian deaths
mike_scully	american television writers
bob_paris	american from
hsu_shin	burmese deaths
perley_poore_sheehan	american from
david_malouf	australian short
edith_hodgetts	people women writers
david_zindell	american american novelists
farhat_ishtiaq	pakistani births
adrien_rouquette	people deaths
peter_gaffney	american people
r._k._narayan	indian from
dobrica_ćosić	serbian from
damian_lanigan	british births
pablo_illanes	chilean births
arja_salafranca	south births
ana_maria_machado	brazilian women
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
daniel_handler	american male
richard_c._meredith	american american short
beverley_nambozo	21st-century women
gertrude_bell	english of
hortense_allart	19th-century women writers
clay_shirky	american people
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
bhabani_bhattacharya	indian of
michael_reaves	american american novelists
michael_punke	american people
elie_wiesel	american american
chris_langham	english male
raoul_vaneigem	belgian births
onat_kutlar	turkish writers
martyn_park	australian births
paul_groussac	french deaths
rhondi_a.vilott_salsitz	marc births is is a writer writer and and
michiko_nagai	japanese japanese writers
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
evan_fallenberg	american american
félix_luna	argentine births
brian_jacques	english births
darrell_figgis	19th-century deaths
charles_quentin_fernie_pope	new zealand
amina_mama	21st-century of
daniel-rops	french french
frank_launder	english births
mervyn_peake	english from
noy_holland	american from
gary_burns_:director	canadian of
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
marie-louise_gay	canadian from
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
h.d.couzens	american births
peter_nichols	english male
hinemoana_baker	south african
randa_abdel-fattah	australian people
ernest_buckler	canadian from
abdul_hameed_:writer	pakistani from
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
araceli_ardón	mexican women
chuck_mckenzie	australian short story
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
andrás_szántó	people births
nicolae_negru	moldovan writers
hovhannes_tumanyan	armenian armenian
apostolos_doxiadis	greek births
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
bruce_vilanch	american from
colin_wilson	english english
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
marie_desplechin	french people
diane_fanning	american of novelists
george_saunders	american from
ashab_uddin_ahmad	bengali from
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
aqeel_abbas_jafari	pakistani births
elisabeth_augustin	20th-century women
hiroshi_ando	japanese births
philip_f._deaver	american from
gour_das_bysack	telugu of
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
milovan_vitezović	serbian of
christopher_h.bidmead	people of
ilka_stitz	german women
mike_gray	american from
bjørn_rønningen	norwegian women writers
albert_cossery	20th-century novelists
marie-sissi_labrèche	canadian canadian novelists
hemendra_kumar_roy	bengali writers
charles_dickens	english male
edward_mccourt	canadian from
mary_lee_settle	american american
fred_hando	scottish deaths
dhirubhai_thaker	indian from
pearl_s._buck	american from
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
robert_lewis_shayon	american deaths
n._richard_nash	american male novelists
darin_goldberg	american television writers
brendan_gullifer	australian births
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
michael_jacobs	american television
avadhanam_sita_raman	indian from
bentley_kyle_evans	american television
alphonse_rabbe	french deaths
bill_james	american from
daína_chaviano	20th-century women
mary_batten	american people
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
nancy_garden	21st-century women writers
consuelo_de_sánchez_latour	20th-century women
adolfo_bioy_casares	argentine births
anna_wheeler_:author	irish women
dilman_dila	ugandan women
rachapalem_chandrasekhara_reddy	living writers
david_patrick_:writer	people births
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
charmaine_cadeau	21st-century canadian novelists
barbara_albert	austrian male
carol_dunlop	canadian from
olufemi_terry	people leonean novelists
antonio_skármeta	chilean jews
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
amy_peikoff	american from
mark_budz	american american novelists
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
hortense_calisher	american american
gordon_r.dickson	american american novelists
andrew_lam	american american
richard_mabey	english of
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
edward_ormondroyd	american of novelists
nathanaël	canadian women novelists
errol_fuller	british male
rebecca_eisenberg	american university
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
michael_i._wagner	american television
manuel_antônio_de_almeida	malaysian deaths was was a
margaret_maron	american women novelists
meindert_dejong	american american
marita_bonner	american american
petar_pjesivac	australian births
mulk_raj_anand	indian of
anita_nair	20th-century indian
angelika_schrobsdorff	german german
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
heidi_w.durrow	american american
darya_dontsova	russian births
eynon_evans	british births
brian_clevinger	american comics
maurice_halperin	american from
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
mitch_cullin	american american
oh_kyu-won	south korean
phyllis_chesler	american from
domingo_andrés	spanish births
robert_steven_rhine	american comics
abdulla_shaig	ukrainian writers
fred_davis_:entrepreneur	american male
colum_mccann	american from
harlan_greene	american american
olivar_asselin	19th-century deaths
christian_beranek	american from
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
matthew_tobin_anderson	american american novelists
boris_vasilyev_:writer	russian male
emily_underdown	english women
paddy_richardson	21st-century zealand writers
ra_ganapati	indian writers
h.g.carrillo	american american
colin_harvey_:writer	british of novelists
mary_hooper_:author	19th-century women writers
folco_de_baroncelli-javon	french deaths
phillip_frazer	american births
gabrielle_stanton	american television writers
alf_collett	norwegian births
gary_friedrich	american comics
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
dorothy_sterling	american women
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
guru_prasad_mainali	20th-century novelists
frank_o'hara	american from
philip_r._craig	american american novelists
edgar_allan_poe	american american
peter_ho_davies	british of
qustaki_al-himsi	ottoman deaths
catherine_storr	20th-century women novelists
f.x.feeney	american births
ana_rosa_tornero	bolivian births
andrás_szántó	people births
project_itoh	norwegian births
paul_anderson_:uk_writer	living people
anna-leena_härkönen	20th-century women
peter_david	american from novelists
franz_hessel	german deaths
richard_c.meredith	marc births is a a writer writer and
bharago	indian from
annie_vivanti	italian women
diana_morgan_:novelist	american of novelists
dana_johnson	american short
emma_marris	american women writers
rachid_mimouni	people births
emily_nasrallah	20th-century women
david_a.adler	american from
ostap_vyshnya	russian writers
eric_simonson	american male
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
panio_gianopoulos	american of
george_meniuc	romanian births
conrad_aiken	american american
naresh_mehta	indian writers
nat_nwe	burmese from
giuliana_morandini	italian italian
narayan_sitaram_phadke	indian deaths
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
gary_tillery	american from
ian_la_frenais	english educated at
milena_nikolova	living births
gordon_stewart_anderson	canadian from
aaron_mcgruder	american from
palagummi_padmaraju	indian writers
esther_averill	american women
harold_preece	american from
dan_wickline	american from
hanna_rambe	indonesian births
chuck_lorre	american television
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
bogomir_magajna	slovenian births
bernard_goldberg	american from
emil_filipčič	slovenian from
elizabeth_carpenter	american from
grant_allen	canadian from
maurice_dodd	english births
barbara_baynton	australian women
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
dionisio_pérez_gutiérrez	people births
michael_blumlein	american american novelists
aliki_theofilopoulos_grafft	american births
olufemi_terry	people leonean novelists
mary_lavin	irish women
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
burnie_burns	american male
edward_mcwade	american male
dionysius_lardner	people births
ningombam_bupenda_meitei	indian from
edmond_fleg	french french
henri_patin	19th-century french
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
erin_markey	american women
frank_bergon	american from
raymond_allen_:scriptwriter	english births
ida_baccini	italian women writers
paul_gustavson	american deaths
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
ed_greenwood	dungeons game dragons
abdizhamil_karimuly_nurpeisov	people deaths
héctor_zumbado	male short
nisi_shawl	american american novelists
antonio_tabucchi	italian from
marilyn_roberts	british of
ahmed_mohamed_al-hofi	people of
mate_dolenc	slovenian from
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
oh_soo-yeon_:novelist	living births
baburao_bagul	marathi-language deaths
rebecca_eisenberg	american university
glenn_gordon_caron	american television writers
michael_lemonick	american people
farah_ghuznavi	year of is
daniela_dahn	german german
ana_maria_machado	brazilian women
graham_hancock	british writers
anvita_dutt_guptan	indian from
paul_rohrbach	german births
peter_o'donnell	english from
qiu_jin	people births
peter_kalifornsky	american women
andrew_kreisberg	american television
michael_aitkens	english male
homen_borgohain	indian from
france_bevk	slovenian from
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
dave_godfrey	canadian from
dwight_d'eon	canadian births
mateo_frazier	american births
christopher_k.travis	american of birth
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
gerit_quealy	american from
robert_bernstein_:comics	american comics
maura_penders	american television writers
charles_o'conor_:historian	people births
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
alexei_maxim_russell	canadian canadian novelists
patrick_lapeyre	french french
george_grigore	romanian births
azar_nafisi	saudi arabian
neil_tolkin	canadian of birth
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
dann_thomas	american comics
michael_dorfman	israeli jews
choe_yun	south korean
henry_swinburne	english deaths
michael_armstrong_:filmmaker	people births
bollimunta_sivaramakrishna	indian writers
bruce_marshall	people of
costa_dillon	american of
gertrude_barrows_bennett	american american fiction
ram_punjwani	indian from
omar_pound	20th-century from
garson_kanin	american male novelists
michael_gilbert	british of
paul_guimard	20th-century french novelists
ellen_galford	canadian of novelists
henriette_gislesen	norwegian norwegian
ravella_venkatarama_rao	indian deaths
gotthold_gloger	german german
daniil_andreyev	russian male
chandradhar_barua	20th-century from
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
robert_h.abel	american american short
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
giorgio_amendola	italian male
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
christopher_moeller	american from
mihail_șerban_:writer	romanian novelists
andrew_klavan	american american
penny_petrone	canadian of
michael_berz	living people
anne_marie_winston	american women novelists
pramatha_chaudhuri	bengali deaths
fran_striker	american from
george_dicaprio	american births
guillermo_morón	venezuelan births
raphaël_tardon	french male
france_bevk	slovenian from
richard_e._kim	american writers
christian_beranek	american from
elna_baker	american from
coelho_neto	brazilian deaths
pola_gojawiczyńska	polish from
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
husna_ahmad	british of
neal_kozodoy	living people
richard_harris_:television_writer	english births
omar_abd_al-kafi	egyptian people
alice_dayrell_caldeira_brant	brazilian deaths
nuray_lale	living women
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
bill_brittain	american american novelists
andré_álvares_de_almada	dominican deaths
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
edythe_mae_gordon	american from
maryline_desbiolles	21st-century women
günther_krupkat	german male
maurice_tillieux	people births
gerald_vizenor	american american
dick_matena	living births
alberto_barrera_tyszka	croatian novelists
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
andrea_ashworth	english women
edna_mayne_hull	20th-century women novelists
bill_arp	american from
alphonse_de_châteaubriant	french french
michael_gallagher_:writer	american comics writers
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
may_theilgaard_watts	american women
barry_webster_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
michael_armstrong_:filmmaker	people births
neal_brennan	american television
daniele_bolelli	american male
birgitta_trotzig	swedish from
ginn_hale	american american short
christina_lauren	american women novelists
pat_brown_:criminal_profiler	american women writers
franco_scaglia	italian italian
georges_de_bièvre	french french
chris_langham	english male
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
eleanor_wachtel	canadian of
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
darrell_figgis	19th-century deaths
aleksey_chapygin	russian short
avrom_reyzen	american deaths
pierre_morency	canadian from
charles_quentin_fernie_pope	new zealand
hutton_gibson	american from
gabriella_ambrosio	italian births
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
dimbeswar_neog	asom from
pedro_garcía_cabrera	spanish male
robert_j.sawyer	canadian from
necati_cumalı	turkish writers
paulus_melissus	german deaths
adam_niswander	american american short
guillaume_bigot	french births
richard_russell_:dow_theory	american from
hélène_lenoir	french women writers
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
azar_nafisi	saudi arabian
alf_prøysen	norwegian deaths
peter_pinne	australian births
peary_chand_mitra	bengali writers
grace_lin	american women writers
angie_abdou	21st-century canadian novelists
cass_pennant	english male
peter_bradshaw	english births
charles_a.williams_iii	american from
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
a.n.krishna_rao	telugu writers
imad_rahman	american of
bob_forward	american television writers
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
mehrunnisa_parvez	indian women
camilla_läckberg	21st-century women
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
florida_friebus	american from
angela_kang	american television writers
bruno_lasker	american births
nazir_ahmad_dehlvi	indian from
ferdinand_brunetière	french deaths
christopher_mckitterick	american american short
christopher_fowler	english births
robert_stevenson_:director	people births
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
howard_junker	american from
gemma_files	canadian from writers
amar_mitra_:writer	bengali writers
phillip_sandifer	american births
petina_gappah	australian women
opal_tometi	american of writers
aage_borchgrevink	norwegian norwegian
ben_stein	american male
mary_howard_:novelist	20th-century women novelists
georgi_vladimov	russian writers
antonia_hodgson	21st-century women writers
antonio_segura	people births
david_horowitz	american from
andrás_szántó	people births
r._j._ellory	english births
pat_mcintosh	year of fiction
alexis_de_veaux	american american
faaiz_anwar	indian writers
nathan_edmondson	american comics writers
bill_long_:writer	irish births
marsha_canham	canadian women writers
meagan_mckinney	21st-century women novelists
nor_sanavongsay	american people
nayantara_sahgal	indian women
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
dinanath_gopal_tendulkar	indian writers
anabela_basalo	serbian of
arturo_ambrogi	20th-century male
marisha_pessl	21st-century american novelists
pier_vittorio_tondelli	italian italian
donald_j.sobol	american from
grace_paley	american american
africanus_horton	people births
amiri_baraka	american from
paul_b._preciado	lgbt writers
camilla_läckberg	21st-century women
henry_bond	english births
elizabeth_herbert,_baroness_herbert_of_lea	english women writers
dale_brown	american from
nicholas_sparks	american american
danny_fingeroth	american comics
pablo_de_jérica	spanish births
al_hewetson	canadian from
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
ghada_al-samman	syrian writers
hari_singh_dilbar	indian of
buz_kohan	american television
david_zindell	american american novelists
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
alexander_tarasov-rodionov	russian male
henri_deberly	french french
gustaw_herling-grudziński	polish from
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
alexis_de_veaux	american american
bruce_jones_:comics	american male short
aravind_adiga	20th-century births
brinsley_macnamara	irish deaths
maurissa_tancharoen	american from
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
nev_fountain	english of writers
peter_de_rome	american births
brian_jacques	english births
michael_yon	american from
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
dmitri_savitski	russian writers
brian_fawcett	canadian canadian
ortensio_mauro	year writers
migdalia_cruz	american of birth
michael_korda	british of
charles_lalo	french deaths
anne_mcallister	american romantic novelists
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
elizabeth_julia_hasell	people women
candace_camp	american women novelists
mary_lavin	irish women
michael_fleisher	american comics
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
marion_bloem	21st-century women
charles_perez	american from
dorothy_m.cray	20th-century romantic fiction
božena_němcová	austrian women
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
charlotte_dean	american from writers
antonio_tabucchi	italian from
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
deborah_hopkinson	american children's
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
evelyn_e.smith	20th-century women novelists
dragomir_brajković	serbian from
douglas_adams	english from
dwight_macdonald	american from
evelyn_e.smith	20th-century women novelists
michael_e.raynor	marc j. is is an american writer and and
mia_couto	20th-century short
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
margot_bennett_:writer	20th-century women fiction
pandit_narendra_sharma	indian from
ariane_sherine	21st-century people writers
ian_frazier	american from
darcy_frey	american of
mika_waltari	finnish births
robert_t.jeschonek	american american short
mikhail_alekseyev_:writer	recipients of
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
grant_allen	canadian from
bill_mantlo	american comics
pío_baroja	spanish births
eirik_ildahl	norwegian norwegian
ng_yi-sheng	singaporean people
duane_simolke	american from
diwakar_krushna_kelkar	malaysian births
nigel_bennett	english male
phillip_margolin	american american
mazhar_abro	pakistani short
philippe-joseph_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
ed_husain	british of
arsen_revazov	russian writers
maurice_champagne	french male
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
richard_holloway	scottish of
berta_bojetu	slovenian from
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
david_mourão-ferreira	19th-century births
rajeev_nair	indian film
emili_teixidor	spanish male
muktabai_dixit	people births
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
rebecca_james_:author	australian children's writers
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
parke_godwin	american american short
herbert_meier	people of
premchand	indian from
gary_tillery	american from
hannah_mary_rothschild	english of
heda_margolius_kovály	20th-century women
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
emilio_salgari	italian male
martin_lodewijk	living births
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
owen_o'neill	australian of writers
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
donna_jo_napoli	american women novelists
mike_shepherd_:author	american american novelists
matt_selman	american television writers
rebecca_parr_cioffi	21st-century women novelists
afdlin_shauki	malaysian deaths
mark_bence-jones	people of
christine_brückner	german women
cameron_mcallister	british television
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
alissa_nutting	21st-century of novelists
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
allen_spraggett	canadian births
florence_ashton_marshall	english deaths
ralph_schoenstein	american from
augusto_do_rosário_rodrigues	20th-century male
michel_onfray	french french
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
fatima_meer	south african
richard_meredith_:author	english births
dmitry_bykov	russian writers
maryana_marrash	chuvash deaths
donald_cotton	british births
g.waldo_dunnington	american from
gertrude_bell	english of
galina_shergova	recipients of
paul_levitz	american comics
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
chanida_phaengdara_potter	american from
robert_r.reilly	american births
moira_kirland	american television writers
fredrik_bajer	people deaths
andrew_bovell	australian births
david_carr_:journalist	american from
e.lockhart	american from
brander_matthews	american from
camara_laye	20th-century novelists
mercer_mayer	american from
mehmed_uzun	turkish births
pero_budmani	serbian serbian
eynon_evans	british births
michiko_nagai	japanese japanese writers
octavio_paz	mexican women
om_raut	indian births
beatrice_burton	20th-century women novelists
brian_keenan_:writer	people of
miha_mazzini	slovenian from
boris_pahor	people of
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
connie_schultz	american from
rami_ollaik	living people
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
mark_bowden	american from
aurora_levins_morales	american american
gideon_joubert	south african
amy_sherman-palladino	american television writers
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
alekos_sakellarios	croatian novelists
ratnaja	indian film directors
gwyn_thomas_:novelist	20th-century short
frank_s.pepper	british of
alain_leroy_locke	american from
arif_ali-shah	british births
basil_h.johnston	canadian from
ilo_mitkë_qafëzezi	albanian albanian
geneviève_billette	canadian canadian novelists
mikhail_zhvanetsky	recipients of
mary_alice_downie	canadian women writers
douglas_adams	english from
harold_rosenberg	american from
helen_weinzweig	canadian canadian novelists
barbara_alberti	italian women
david_bergelson	russian writers
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
pandit_narendra_sharma	indian from
patricia_st._john	english deaths
ram_sarup_ankhi	indian from
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
gaston_de_pawlowski	french french
nikos_e._politis	serbian of
dionis_bubani	albanian albanian
blaize_clement	american women novelists
hida_viloria	people births
carlo_dossi	italian deaths
paul_goma	romanian essayists
mary_e._pearson	american of writers
grenville_clark	american births
aymeric_chauprade	french male
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
qudrat_ullah_shahab	pakistani of
holly_golightly_:comics	american comics
nouritza_matossian	english births
edward_m.brecher	american from
david_x.cohen	american television
gertrude_barrows_bennett	american american fiction
emanuel_litvinoff	english from
nince_henry	living people
heda_margolius_kovály	20th-century women
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
quentin_crisp	english male
alissa_quart	21st-century women
edward_robinson_:curator	american of
evan_beloff	canadian television writers
mile_markovski	people deaths
eric_de_kuyper	belgian births
myron_coureval_fagan	american from
helen_o'clery	irish women writers
marie_hall_ets	american of
ian_rankin	british of
michael_carroll_:author	living women
matt_jones_:writer	living people
charlotte_link	german women
arjun_singh_sethi	american of
rainer_langhans	living people
mark_scott_ricketts	american comics
david_heneker	english deaths
paul_lorck_eidem	norwegian norwegian
menis_koumandareas	20th-century novelists
bob_haney	american age
robert_bloch	american american novelists
aziz_nesin	turkish births
frank_moorhouse	australian short
claire_fox	people of
heleen_mees	japanese births
h.rider_haggard	english male
catherine_archer	year of birth
giovanni_battista_cavalcaselle	italian italian
carlos_méndez_villalobos	mexican births
arimasa_osawa	japanese japanese
george_ade	american american
aaron_cohen_:counterterrorist	american births
margaret_potter	20th-century romantic novelists
daniil_andreyev	russian male
eleanor_updale	british of
mo_willems	american from
anna_goldsworthy	australian from
paul_h._bruske	american deaths
craig_lancaster	american male
aurelian_silvestru	moldovan writers
hans_krieger	german german
francis_stuart	irish deaths
philippe-joseph_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
arjen_lubach	dutch births
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
igor_guberman	russian male
christopher_oscanyan	american deaths
delia_grigore	romanian from
hervé_bazin	french french
charles_exbrayat	20th-century french novelists
hans_wollschläger	german births
phillip_margolin	american american
adel_souto	american male
akira_yoshimura	japanese births
philip_walsingham_sergeant	english births
danton_remoto	filipino births
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
robert_donston_stephenson	english births
eugen_gottlob_winkler	german deaths
antoine_bigot	19th-century french
angus_reach	19th-century deaths
ortensio_mauro	year writers
peter_demant	russian male
michael_harris_:editor	canadian canadian
paula_fox	american women novelists
gourahari_das	indian from
bill_pronzini	american american novelists
anne_wingate	american from novelists
n_prabhakaran	20th-century male
france_herron	american age
fortune_feimster	american television
david_treuer	american american
giorgio_pressburger	italian male
georges_lagrange	french french
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
amar_sindhu	year of
bernard_goldberg	american from
mohammed_naseehu_ali	american from
raphaël_confiant	french people
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
natsuhiko_kyogoku	japanese births
barbara_baynton	australian women
mary_griffith	american children's writers
gene_wojciechowski	american from
blaize_clement	american women novelists
neal_brennan	american television
max_huwyler	living people
ann_c.crispin	american women novelists
emmanuel_bourdieu	french french
natalya_baranskaya	russian short
margaret_landon	american from
chris_bachelder	american from
norman_borisoff	american male novelists
brian_michael_bendis	american from
caterina_albert	spanish births
david_d.levine	american science short
ota_pavel	austrian births
dr.seuss	american from
maría_larraín_de_vicuña	chilean deaths
adam_gollner	canadian of writers
audrey_erskine_lindop	english births novelists
dan_gutman	american from
patricia_grasso	21st-century women writers
augustus_hare	english deaths
paul_rogers_:novelist	american from
horace_mccoy	american from
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
emilia_salvioni	italian italian
pola_oloixarac	argentine births
brian_azzarello	american comics
daniel_cerone	american television writers
nilmoni_phukan_:senior	asom from
franco_solinas	italian male
philip_pullman	english of
craig_hinton	20th-century short
pierre_bellemare	french male
fausta_garavini	italian italian
charlie_kadau	american male
boori_monty_pryor	australian from writers
gyan_chand_jain	recipients writers
maria_zhukova	russian russian
gabriel_benoist	french deaths
orlando_wells	english male
edward_allen_bernero	american television
rafael_moreu	american television birth
mosse_jørgensen	norwegian births
elie_wiesel	american american
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
owen_wister	american from
antanas_škėma	lithuanian novelists
c.k.stead	new zealand
gyan_chaturvedi	indian from
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
dean_lorey	american television
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
harry_lawton	american from
anabela_basalo	serbian of
garson_kanin	american male novelists
mathur_krishnamurthy	telugu writers
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
frank_moorhouse	australian short
claire_castillon	french women writers
caroline_dries	american television writers
angela_litschev	german women
edward_bloor	american american novelists
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
george_grigore	romanian births
dan_kieran	british births
deborah_biancotti	australian women writers
donna_mcfarlane	canadian canadian novelists
grace_lumpkin	american american
norman_grubb	english births
doug_brammer	american comics
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
meredith_sue_willis	american women novelists
eliza_frances_andrews	american american
nick_flynn	american male
gert_hofmann	20th-century from
anna_rozen	french french
patricia_st._john	english deaths
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
george_burditt_:writer	american from
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
filip_de_pillecyn	flemish deaths
evan_wright	american from
marguerite_henry	american women novelists
antonio_skármeta	chilean jews
frank_decaro	american from
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
remo_forlani	french male
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
charles_fort	american american
hmawbi_saya_thein	burmese births
neil_druckmann	american comics
pat_mcintosh	year of fiction
brenda_chapman	american film
gore_vidal	american from
david_ruprecht	american from
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
emily_barr	21st-century women writers
ni_ko_ye	burmese writers
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
peter_gross_:comics	living people
henry_naylor	english male
megan_morrone	american births
barrie_jean_borich	21st-century women writers
fiston_mwanza_mujila	21st-century women
i.k.k.menon	indian indian
alfred_gregory_yewen	australian deaths
charles_exbrayat	20th-century french novelists
cherry_potter	year of birth
antonio_skármeta	chilean jews
rasmus_steinsvik	norwegian births
geeta_dharmarajan	indian women
randolph_stow	australian australian
mary_catherine_bateson	american births
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
noel_loomis	american from
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
brian_ruckley	scottish of
glenn_gordon_caron	american television writers
camille_laurens	french women
anne_eyre_worboys	20th-century women novelists
franz_borkenau	austrian deaths
alice_macgowan	american american novelists
dhimitër_xhuvani	albanian male
michele_zackheim	21st-century women novelists
adele_megann	21st-century women short
alex_leslie	21st-century women novelists
maureen_child	21st-century women novelists
quim_monzó	spanish births
elsie_locke	new zealand
adam_resnick	american television writers
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
boris_vasilyev_:writer	russian male
alex_sheshunoff	american of
chris_claremont	english births
henriette_gislesen	norwegian norwegian
netta_syrett	english english
pierre_bettencourt	french deaths
igor_mandić	croatian novelists
myron_coureval_fagan	american from
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
margaret_sweatman	canadian from
michael_nugent	irish people
michelle_izmaylov	american women novelists
eduardo_liendo	croatian births
hemant_shesh	indian from
gregg_godfrey	american television
clementina_suárez	20th-century women
dave_smeds	american american short
rajko_perušek	slovenian writers
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
bob_hamm	american american
nigel_rodgers	english from
barry_cryer	english educated
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
christian_beranek	american from
matthew_ryan_hoge	american film
alden_jones	american from
rasul_rza	azerbaijani from
dorothy_black_:novelist	english women novelists
melissa_harris-perry	american from
bobby_khan	indian film directors
diego_odoh_okenyodo	saudi births
george_pérez	american comics
mohammed_arav_bessaoud	2nd-century deaths
mir-jam	20th-century novelists
adolf_brand	german deaths
derek_harvie	canadian television
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
genevieve_foster	american from
babette_brown	south african writers
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
nader_kadhim	living people
michael_atkinson_:writer	living people
bhaskar_sunkara	american of
marie_phillips	living births
cao_xueqin	iranian dynasty
margaret_yorke	20th-century births novelists
george_tofan	romanian from
brandon_mull	american of
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
gabriela_brimmer	mexican births
chad_harbach	american american
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
emilio_praga	italian italian
rachel_qitsualik-tinsley	canadian women writers
nikolai_naumov	russian male
marjorie_wallace_:sane	british of
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
catherynne_m.valente	21st-century american novelists
barbara_paul	american american novelists
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
greg_bear	american american novelists
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
hank_pellissier	american of writers
pío_baroja	spanish births
glyn_parry_:author	australian births
brandon_choi	american of birth
archemachus_of_euboea	year of
pavao_pavličić	croatian novelists
deviprasad_dwivedi	indian writers
orde_m._coombs	american from
david_wong_:writer	american from novelists
georges_limbour	french deaths
mateo_frazier	american births
goran_vojnović	slovenian from
imre_vallyon	people zealand
gordon_hyatt	american of birth
mons_lie_:writer	20th-century short
cynthia_defelice	20th-century women novelists
guo_jingming	people births
carrie_kemper	american television birth
mike_fasolo	american people
carrie_snyder	canadian women novelists
cecil_e.rhode	american from
david_whitley	people of
harriet_angelina_fortescue	people deaths
henry_stephens_salt	english of
panos_koutrouboussis	living people
pavao_pavličić	croatian novelists
ningeokuluk_teevee	canadian from
dick_clement	english educated
robert_donston_stephenson	english births
pierre_mornand	french births
camilla_gibb	21st-century women novelists
duane_simolke	american from
h.g.wells	english of
hp_tinker	english births
raimund_hermann_siegfried_moltke	german deaths
byron_preiss	american from
antoine_de_rivarol	french french
norman_lear	american from
david_ebershoff	american male
bruce_bawer	american from
paul_marsden	british of
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
achy_obejas	american american
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
howard_norman	american of
alexandru_hâjdeu	russian births
robert_calvert	south african
anthon_bang	norwegian deaths
georges_lagrange	french french
alex_haley	american from
eirik_ildahl	norwegian norwegian
e.haldeman-julius	chilean deaths
muazzam_beg	indian film
antonio_acevedo_hernández	male dramatists
edmundo_paz_soldán	american births
douglas_kent_hall	american from
barrie_jean_borich	21st-century women writers
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
chirlane_mccray	american of
elvia_ardalani	mexican births
abdón_ubidia	male short story
dan_washburn	american births
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
diane_carey	american women novelists
carl_zimmer	american from
h.c.cradock	20th-century women writers
donald_goines	american from
helen_darville	australian australian
mary_berry	english educated
hubert_haas	belgian deaths
mary_craig_sinclair	people deaths
hank_chapman	american comics
bert_sugar	american of writers
myke_cole	american american novelists
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
elie_wiesel	american american
i.c.b.dear	scottish births
anja_štefan_:writer	slovenian women
iain_aitch	british of birth
daniel_pennac	french french
anne-marie_cazalis	french women writers
charles_officer	canadian from
bjørnstjerne_bjørnson	norwegian norwegian
bernard_rudofsky	people deaths
archemachus_of_euboea	year of
adam_zameenzad	british of
gilles_leroy	21st-century essayists
darren_greer	canadian from
alvin_boretz	american from
alexander_faulkner_shand	english of
mario_mendoza_zambrano	colombian short
maryline_desbiolles	21st-century women
david_milch	american from
garrett_lerner	american television writers
alois_jirásek	austrian births
andrea_james	american from
aldous_huxley	english from
eilif_straume	norwegian norwegian
george_harmon_coxe	american american novelists
p._balachandran	indian male
henry_james	american male
pierre_decourcelle	french french
marguerite_henry	american women novelists
françois_leperlier	french births
dhruva_chatterjee	indian births
milo_manara	living births
robert_gernhardt	german german
randolph_stow	australian australian
maria_agnès_ribera_garau	19th-century women writers
rafiq_husain	indian of
buck_peterson	american of birth
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
rinki_bhattacharya	indian people
mohammad_sharaf-e-alam	indian writers
gary_d.schmidt	american from novelists
anne_de_la_roche-guilhem	french women writers
monica_sone	american from
peter_d._sieruta	american from
alix_kates_shulman	21st-century women novelists
nancy_weber	21st-century women
olly_mann	english male
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
carol_bruneau	canadian women novelists
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
daniel_samper_ospina	slovenian births
carol_barbee	american television writers
nihal_atsız	turkish writers
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
aglaia_kremezi	canadian births writers
robert_bloch	american american novelists
paul_collins_:musician	american births
dun_karm_psaila	people deaths
anne_seymour,_countess_of_warwick	16th-century births
edythe_mae_gordon	american from
fred_van_lente	american comics
maxence_caron	french french
conrad_aiken	american american
c.k.stead	new zealand
bill_coffin	american from
neal_brennan	american television
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
dave_godfrey	canadian from
peter_bieri_:author	living births
michael_carroll_:american_writer	21st-century of
elsie_locke	new zealand
nick_joaquin	belgian births
michael_jackson_:writer	english educated
muhammed_bozdağ	turkish people
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
donna_ball	american romantic novelists
margaret_wise_brown	american women
abena_busia	20th-century women writers
phillip_hoose	american from
h.m.hoover	american women novelists
melissa_holbrook_pierson	american people
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
glendon_swarthout	american american
radovan_ivšić	croatian novelists
guram_dochanashvili	people births
edith_bruck	20th-century women
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
allen_spraggett	canadian births
myriam_francois-cerrah	living people writers
daniel_dickey	american of
abdurrahman_sharafkandi	serbian writers
pierre_ouellet	canadian canadian novelists
darchhawna	indian from
gordon_lish	american american novelists
anabel_ochoa	spanish births
nat_benchley	american male
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
anjum_anand	british of
pierre_bellemare	french male
bill_willingham	american comics
eliza_sproat_turner	american american
christopher_hurn	american of birth
djuna_barnes	american american
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
eric_boehlert	american of birth
richmond_shepard	american births
robert_harling_:writer	american male
horace_mccoy	american from
hamid_dizdar	bosnia and
angela_amato_velez	american television birth
charles_fox_:jazz_critic	english births
paolo_eleuteri_serpieri	living people
pyotr_gnedich	russian russian
brian_leyden	irish irish
alan_davis	english births
maung_khin_min_:danubyu	burmese writers
augusto_de_angelis	italian male
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
ratnakar_matkari	indian film
george_ade	american american
aurelio_gonzález_ovies	spanish births
rasul_rza	azerbaijani from
najmadeen_mala	people deaths
andy_luckey	american from
gabrielle_carey	australian from
herminie_templeton_kavanagh	english english
evan_fallenberg	american american
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
elizabeth_hoy	people romantic birth missing
gary_d.schmidt	american from novelists
noël_godin	belgian births
paul_reboux	french male
gregory_mcdonald	american american novelists
don_roff	american male novelists
bette_bao_lord	american korean of
dominick_dunne	american from
george_william_russell	irish deaths
matthew_yglesias	american people
grace_ellery_channing	american american
howard_w.bergerson	american from
michaeley_o'brien	living of birth
margarete_kollisch	20th-century women
ol_parker	living births
douglas_kent_hall	american from
haemi_balgassi	american of of
g.k.chesterton	english male
amy_sackville	alumni of
rasheed_kidwai	living writers
paul_jennings_:australian_author	australian australian
daniel_abraham_:author	american american novelists
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
david_farr_:theatre_director	english births
henry_miller	american from
adolf_fischhof	people male
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
alberto_arbasino	italian births
antanas_škėma	lithuanian novelists
christophe_honoré	french male
david_wild	american of
david_horowitz	american from
eduardo_gonzález_viaña	male novelists
anja_meulenbelt	dutch writers
abdizhamil_karimuly_nurpeisov	people deaths
per_ahlmark	swedish of
david_malouf	australian short
nawal_el_saadawi	egyptian people
archie_goodwin_:comics	american age
herbert_leslie_gee	english births
ignaty_potapenko	russian male
george_forrest_:author	american from
albert_kivikas	estonian deaths
frank_moorhouse	australian short
david_rambo	american television
hermann_kasack	german german
rafael_grugman	russian writers
anthony_bailey_:author	british of
fatima_meer	south african
peter_gibson_:writer	american male
edward_boyd_:writer	british of
nick_flynn	american male
allegra_huston	english from
alethea_kontis	american women novelists
armas_äikiä	ukrainian deaths
al_milgrom	american comics
raphaël_tardon	french male
frances_paige	21st-century women novelists
rob_st.john	english births
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
rob_kutner	american people
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
amy_peikoff	american from
marie_fox	people deaths
ernest_gébler	irish from
meredith_sue_willis	american women novelists
deasún_breathnach	people births
bill_long_:writer	irish births
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
honobu_yonezawa	japanese short
milo_dor	austrian male
paul_e_cooley	american american short
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
archibald_gracie_iv	american from
eduard_vilde	estonian from
pavao_ritter_vitezović	people of
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
gish_jen	american short short
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
david_callaham	american births
peter_lovesey	english short
alyson_richman	american of novelists
anton_ingolič	slovenian from
phakirappa_gurubasappa_halakatti	people writers
meridel_le_sueur	american women
otto_rahn	people births
norm_phelps	american from
ed_waters	american male
hubert_harrison	american of
alexandru_djuvara	people deaths
anne_digby	english births writers
bill_odenkirk	american television
derek_brown_:editor	british of birth
achille_campanile	italian male
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
donna_tartt	american women
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
caleb_garling	american from
anna_pappritz	german deaths
christopher_cook_:writer	american male
norman_lear	american from
mark_shand	people of
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
excilia_saldaña	21st-century women
george_khoury_:author	american male writers
gustaw_przeczek	polish from
edgar_allan_poe	american american
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
poola_tirupati_raju	indian from
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
francesco_albergati_capacelli	italian italian
pete_moore_:science_writer	living people
dana_johnson	american short
mary_pope_osborne	american women writers
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
anthony_bailey_:author	british of
burton_berinsky	american births
filipp_nefyodov	russian deaths
natalya_baranskaya	russian short
michael_banim	irish deaths
hermann_kasack	german german
branka_jurca	slovenian from
garth_ennis	new of
raimund_hermann_siegfried_moltke	german deaths
mushtaq_ahmad_yusufi	pakistani of
charles_lamb	english births
ewa_siemaszko	people of
alois_jirásek	austrian births
robert_clark_young	american male
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
gianluca_arrighi	italian births
paul_smith_:television_writer	living births
derek_clendening	canadian from
aleksandrs_grīns	latvian births
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
henry_joseph_monck_mason	people births
ilo_mitkë_qafëzezi	albanian albanian
alfred_jarry	french french
brian_hargrove	american television
ed_james_:writer	american television
ed_brubaker	american comics
florencio_varela_:writer	albanian male
deborah_tall	american women
angelika_schrobsdorff	german german
alberto_barrera_tyszka	croatian novelists
nina_berberova	russian russian
brian_mcnaughton	american american novelists
achdé	french births
herbert_huncke	american from
paula_broadwell	american from
randy_cohen	american of
paul_kater	living people
arthur_bernard_lewis	american television
grace_duffie_boylan	american of
françois_rabelais	french male
philip_e._tetlock	canadian of
alexander_chalmers	british writers
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
gadul_singh_lama	indian male
phil_klay	american from
georgi_pulevski	people deaths
andri_snær_magnason	people births
michel_lawrence	living people
austin_hall_:writer	american american short
alaya_dawn_johnson	american women novelists
anne_degrace	21st-century women writers
hmawbi_saya_thein	burmese births
brenda_chapman	american film
bud_sparhawk	american american short
mervyn_peake	english from
agnes_herbert	british of
anna_godbersen	american from
robert_draper	american births
n_prabhakaran	20th-century male
nicholas_delbanco	american university
harcharan_chawla	20th-century from
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
richard_bartle	british people
nayantara_sahgal	indian women
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
arthur_j.burks	american from
nicholas_sparks	american american
henry_naylor	english male
miloš_mikeln	slovenian from
marisha_pessl	21st-century american novelists
anthony_simmons_:writer	english educated
felice_picano	lgbt american
fathia_absie	american film
darchhawna	indian from
raif_badawi	saudi arabian
andré_aciman	american american
patrick_maher_:writer	american male
milan_kundera	20th-century births
mieko_kawakami	living births
pierre_rabhi	living births
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
antal_stašek	19th-century of
beverly_cleary	american from
michelle_herman	living births writers
peter_dubé	canadian male novelists
peter_hogan	living of
matteo_pistono	living people
emanuilo_janković	serbian deaths
mary_hooper_:author	19th-century women writers
peter_bergman_:comedian	american from
miguel_mendonca	british births
flora_fraser_:writer	english of
michael_brooks_:science_writer	living of writers
edward_gorey	american from
melissa_lucashenko	australian women
andre_dubus	american american novelists
colin_wilson	english english
michael_vosse	american births
c.j.stevens	american american
elie_wiesel	american american
martin_page_:author	21st-century births
himani_bannerji	canadian of
patricia_grasso	21st-century women writers
pete_brown_:writer	british of
philippe_de_chérisey	people deaths
antoinette_jadaone	filipino film directors
fyodor_berezin	people of
mieko_kanai	japanese births
giorgio_a.tsoukalos	american births
mat_johnson	american from
afdhere_jama	american from
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
claude_ollier	french french novelists
earl_oliver	american from
gisèle_prassinos	20th-century women
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
henry_bond	english births
nihal_atsız	turkish writers
alessandro_defilippi	year of birth
buddhadeb_guha	bengali writers
paul_hiebert_:writer	canadian from
hannah_lowe	british of
rachakonda_viswanatha_sastry	indian from
ariel_levy	american american
meghan_clyne	american of birth
alberto_de_meneses_rodrigues	indian from
amrita_pritam	indian from
adam_zeis	american male
alexander_sheller	russian deaths
alexander_grin	russian male
akiva_schaffer	american male
dorothy_fowler	20th-century women writers
caterina_albert	spanish births
hank_chapman	american comics
allen_barnett_:writer	american from
eric_de_kuyper	belgian births
donald_barr_chidsey	american from
miguel_herrero_uceda	living people
michael_j._weithorn	american television
aldous_huxley	english from
anna_blaman	20th-century women
a.l.rees	british writers
birendra_kumar_bhuyan	indian from
bret_hart	canadian from
robert_j.sawyer	canadian from
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
alba_de_céspedes_y_bertini	20th-century women
barbara_delaplace	year women birth
hedda_zinner	german of
peter_gould_:writer	american television writers
casey_plett	canadian canadian
pierre_bellemare	french male
christopher_priest_:comics	american comics
maría_teresa_tula	living people
barry_chamish	canadian from
mitch_cullin	american american
garrett_fort	american male novelists
robert_cohen_:writer	canadian of
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
abu_rushd	bangladeshi of
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
max_apple	american male
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
barry_unsworth	english of
george_hively	american male
rob_gerrand	living people
derren_litten	english male
nigel_rodgers	english from
dorothy_fowler	20th-century women writers
denis_tillinac	french male
greg_egan	australian from
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
matthew_pitts	american television writers
myoma_myint_kywe	burmese births
peter_ling	english births
norman_borisoff	american male novelists
george_woodcock	canadian from
nick_bakay	american male
antony_johnston	british comics
art_edwards	american from
multatuli	dutch deaths
richard_leonard	people of
alison_schapker	american television birth
alessandro_ghebreigziabiher	italian male
h.d.couzens	american births
marjorie_gross	canadian from
nick_flynn	american male
neli_kodrič	slovenian from
dennis_mallonee	american comics
rabina_khan	british of
peter_brash	american television writers
mary_skrenes	american comics
michael_moorcock	english science
arthur_j.burks	american from
hugo_vickers	people of
nat_gertler	american comics
albert_kivikas	estonian deaths
raja_rao	indian from
hannah_more	english women
robert_e.thompson	american from
charles_dickens	english male
go_osaka	japanese japanese
chet_raymo	american births
claire_mackay	canadian from
michael_shermer	american from
anthony_armstrong_:writer	20th-century male
chuck_philips	american from
erik_wolpaw	year of birth
albert_kivikas	estonian deaths
dawn_o'porter	british births
caterina_edwards	canadian canadian novelists
alan_moore	english births
amanda_kyle_williams	american women novelists
charlotta_frölich	19th-century births
michael_vosse	american births
eduard_uspensky	russian male
i.marlene_king	american television
paul_levinson	american american
nathalie_gassel	belgian births
giovanni_battista_cavalcaselle	italian italian
alexei_maxim_russell	canadian canadian novelists
r._g._de_s._wettimuny	theravada deaths
patrick_marnham	english of
muhammad_husain_azad	indian from
rie_cramer	dutch births
ilse_aichinger	austrian deaths
alden_jones	american from
erich_loest	german from
benjamin_cheever	american american novelists
mohamed_chafik	living births
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
gil_filar	canadian canadian novelists
cathleen_with	canadian canadian novelists
ritam_chowdhury	living people
bogomir_magajna	slovenian births
hutton_gibson	american from
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
alexander_chalmers	british writers
david_vern_reed	american comics
curtis_roosevelt	american from
eleanor_millard	canadian canadian short
patricia_grasso	21st-century women writers
nordahl_rolfsen	norwegian births
ernest_rhys	scottish deaths
galsan_tschinag	people writers
raymond_abrashkin	american from
noëlle_châtelet	french people
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
anthony_burgess	english from
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
michel_onfray	french french
alex_robinson	american from
h.l.gold	american american short
baltasar_porcel	spanish births
mike_scully	american television writers
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
dževad_karahasan	bosnia and
elisabeth_hauptmann	20th-century women
gerald_o'carroll	british of birth
alissa_quart	21st-century women
christopher_story	british of
cate_shortland	australian births
e.vasu	indian indian
ed_cullen	american from
andrew_klavan	american american
chris_mannix	american deaths
robert_sheaffer	american writers
paulette_bourgeois	canadian people
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
peter_dubé	canadian male novelists
favel_parrett	21st-century women writers
david_docherty	british of
camara_laye	20th-century novelists
doug_murray_:comics	american comics writers
esther_averill	american women
caelius_rhodiginus	italian deaths
oliver_robins	american male
françois-thomas-marie_de_baculard_d'arnaud	french french
anthony_browne_:author	british of writers
montague_haltrecht	english from
rhoda_shipman	american comics
plum_johnson	canadian canadian writers
antónio_aurélio_gonçalves	cape verdean
harold_acton	english of
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
flavio_herrera	guatemalan short
emanuele_nutile	italian male
harry_hodgkinson_:writer	english of
andré_couteaux	french deaths
paul_bellini	canadian from
alex_beam	american of
ben_richards_:writer	english male
david_renwick	english births
chris_bunting	english births
dino_stamatopoulos	american television
emily_colson	american women
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
a.m.homes	american american
mary_lee_settle	american american
andrzej_sapkowski	20th-century short
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
raffaele_la_capria	italian italian
gillian_polack	australian women writers
frank_westerman	japanese births
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
mary_kay_zuravleff	american american
allan_sherman	american from
hamid_tamjidi	iranian births
c.radhakrishnan	indian male
anthony_burgess	english from
carl_phillips	american from
philip_pullman	english of
dimbeswar_neog	asom from
ben_raab	american comics
barry_mccrea	irish births
nathan_fielder	canadian from
david_woodard	american births
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
alberto_bevilacqua	italian italian
elizabeth_cobbold	19th-century women
henry_winterfeld	american births
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
ian_mckay_:writer	british of
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
mark_arnold_:historian	american people
margaret_maron	american women novelists
charles_steggall	english deaths
ille_takhti	19th-century deaths
gunnar_staalesen	norwegian women novelists
hans_wollschläger	german births
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
amos_luzzatto	italian male
phil_klemmer	american television
hannah_more	english women
rob_kutner	american people
anthony_berkeley_cox	english of
mary_agria	21st-century american novelists
gyan_chaturvedi	indian from
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
guy_de_maupassant	french french
adam_hamdy	english births
arnold_drake	american comics
r._chudamani	20th-century women
philippe_béha	canadian people
benjamín_carrión	20th-century deaths
mark_scott_ricketts	american comics
mary_hennell	19th-century women writers
glendon_swarthout	american american
medo_pucić	serbian deaths
mark_o'donnell	american from
caterina_albert	spanish births
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
mat_johnson	american from
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
anthony_burgess	english from
garci_sánchez_de_badajoz	spanish births
charlotte_lady_blennerhassett	german women
henry_swinburne	english deaths
carole_wilkinson	australian children's writers
pierre_jean_launay	french births
cheryl_rubenberg	people of
allister_sparks	south african
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
a.m.homes	american american
monica_edwards	20th-century women writers
coelho_neto	brazilian deaths
fraser_nixon	canadian canadian novelists
india_grey	year of birth missing
georges_baal	hungarian from
albert_alberts	dutch dutch
miguel_herrero_uceda	living people
benudhar_sharma	indian from
anja_štefan_:writer	slovenian women
ethan_gilsdorf	american from
arnold_zweig	german of
monica_buonfiglio	year of birth
chuck_lorre	american television
phil_gladwin	living births
håkon_tysdal	norwegian births
nancy_keesing	australian women
david_de_vries	australian births
peter_grimwade	british television
branko_gradišnik	slovenian from
clayton_rawson	american american novelists
riku_sanjo	living people
michael_shermer	american from
gretel_ehrlich	american american
christopher_mckitterick	american american short
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
marianne_farningham	british deaths
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
cecilio_acosta	venezuelan deaths
mikal_sylten	norwegian births
andrew_lam	american american
reza_mirkarimi	iranian births
monica_sone	american from
chandradhar_barua	20th-century from
max_blecher	romanian novelists
gary_tillery	american from
brian_glanville	english births
matthew_j.trafford	michael j. is is an american writer writer and and
candy_dawson_boyd	american from
greg_kasavin	american from
hiroshi_mori_:writer	japanese japanese
maurice_francis_egan	american from
randy_cohen	american of
glória_perez	slovenian births
david_foster_:writer	american of writers
norman_borisoff	american male novelists
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
ali_el-maak	20th-century deaths
cara_black_:author	21st-century women novelists
bengt_frithiofsson	australian births
ol_parker	living births
carl_wilhelm_böttiger	swedish swedish
galina_shergova	recipients of
nina_burleigh	american of
mary_ann_kelty	19th-century women writers
nathuram_premi	indian deaths
george_wheeler_hinman	american from
devi_prasad_bagrodia	indian writers
edith_ranum	norwegian women
ghada_al-samman	syrian writers
peter_applebome	american from
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
paul_chaplin	american television writers
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
anatoly_sofronov	recipients of
dave_stone	english births
george_wilbur_peck	american from
dudu_aharon	israeli people
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
ritam_chowdhury	living people
matthew_tobin_anderson	american american novelists
andrej_e.skubic	slovenian from
bettina_von_arnim	german deaths
harriette_campbell	19th-century women
eric_bagger	swedish women
bonnie_clearwater	american from
horace_kephart	american deaths
niloufar_talebi	american of
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
amaresh_misra	telugu of birth missing
alter_kacyzne	20th-century novelists
michael_j._sullivan_:author	american american novelists
carl_muller	south lankan
don_dagradi	american male
celia_thaxter	american american
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
penny_martin	alumni of
dan_vebber	american television writers
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
boris_savinkov	russian writers
phyllis_krasilovsky	american from
petina_gappah	australian women
patricia_briggs	21st-century women novelists
gerry_finley-day	british of writers
adam_niswander	american american short
bill_scheft	american american novelists
camille_recht	german women writers
adolfo_bioy_casares	argentine births
peter_bacho	living people
george_hively	american male
peter_applebome	american from
derek_blasberg	american from
brian_leung_:author	american of
bill_arp	american from
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
bret_hart	canadian from
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
cornelius_eady	american american
ahmad_fuadi	american writers
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
ernest_thompson	american from
mikal_sylten	norwegian births
raghavanka	indian from
augustus_hare	english deaths
derek_benz	american american novelists
franco_lucentini	italian births
michel_bibaud	canadian canadian
pavan_choudary	living people
morgan_higby_night	american births
chandler_owen	american deaths
henry_s.whitehead	american american short
michael_moorcock	english science
ebrahim_al-arrayedh	people deaths
georgi_pulevski	people deaths
alvin_toffler	american from
evelyn_patuawa-nathan	new of writers
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
marta_kauffman	american male
alvaro_bermejo	spanish births
pavel_nilin	russian short
rajnarayan_basu	bengali writers
christina_m.kim	american television birth
anita_nair	20th-century indian
gabriela_babnik	slovenian from
guy_lyon_playfair	english births
helene_hanff	american women
anthony_coburn	australian births writers
olaus_magnus	16th-century deaths
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
franz_kafka	austrian births
dan_jones_:writer	english of
michael_ruppert	american from
fernando_ponce_de_león	brazilian novelists
margaret_wise_brown	american women
abdal_bela	pakistani births
festus_iyayi	nigerian births
abdullah_abu_sayeed	bangladeshi of
edward_dicey	english deaths
norman_wong	american of
alfred_andersch	german of
anselmo_suárez_y_romero	guatemalan novelists
arleen_paré	canadian women
basil_wells	american american short
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
carol_barbee	american television writers
cheryl_rubenberg	people of
maryana_marrash	chuvash deaths
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
percival_everett	american american
guido_gezelle	flemish from
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
edwin_cerio	italian italian
mike_mearls	american people
fred_uhlman	people writers
meera_nanda	living women
carlo_collodi	italian italian
monica_ali	british women
pati_hill	american births
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
mary_hood	american women novelists
gilbert_gerard_:theological_writer	scottish of
phillip_hoose	american from
mark_wallington_:writer	british people
michael_korda	british of
daniela_dahn	german german
n._s._madhavan	indian male
robert_laxalt	american american novelists
hideo_oguni	japanese births
brigitte_aubert	french women writers
margaret_randall	american from
monica_edwards	20th-century women writers
carole_hayman	english of writers
ralph_schoenstein	american from
dorothy_carrington	people of
debbie_barham	english educated
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
garin_wolf	american television writers
adam_gopnik	american from
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
mohamed_chafik	living births
mia_couto	20th-century short
mary_stocks,_baroness_stocks	19th-century deaths
frederick_guthrie	british of
percival_everett	american american
dwayne_wayans	american male
božena_němcová	austrian women
aman_nath	indian of
hilary_knight_:illustrator	american from
eugie_foster	american american novelists
max_benitz	english male
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
anthony_marra	american male
adolf_uzarski	german deaths
hideo_oguni	japanese births
harry_rowohlt	german from
nay_myo_thant	burmese writers
friedrich_de_la_motte_fouqué	german births
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
florence_parry_heide	american from
dolen_perkins-valdez	21st-century of novelists
favel_parrett	21st-century women writers
david_foster_:writer	american of writers
mckenzie_wark	living people
carole_hayman	english of writers
gogu_shyamala	indian writers
nigel_bennett	english male
amanda_minnie_douglas	american american
odveig_klyve	norwegian norwegian
ernest_buckler	canadian from
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
gegham_ter-karapetian	armenian deaths
donna_williams	australian from
garry_ryan	canadian canadian novelists
marie-anne_de_roumier-robert	french women writers
alice_bailey	english deaths
albert_tam	hong births
marion_bloem	21st-century women
raphaële_bidault-waddington	french people
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
mark_o'donnell	american from
arthur_j.rees	1859 births
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
iain_finlayson	scottish births
pacho_o'donnell	argentine births
gordon_waterman_chaplin	american births
charles_moseley_:writer	people of
david_heneker	english deaths
alicia_sheridan_lefanu	19th-century women
rafiq_husain	indian of
radoje_domanović	serbian deaths
alphie_mccourt	american from
douglas_adams	english from
nayantara_sahgal	indian women
gene_luen_yang	american from
boyd_clack	canadian people
ailsa_piper	australian from
ahmad_a'zam	people births
marguerite_poland	south african
cynthia_ozick	american american
rebecca_solnit	american women
mercy_otis_warren	american american
allie_bates	american women novelists
neil_druckmann	american comics
bruce_bawer	american from
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
guo_jingming	people births
estela_canto	argentine women
frederick_rolfe	english short
carl_solomon	american american
hagar_wilde	american american novelists
donna_kossy	american women
margarita_bobba	italian women death
anuradha_ramanan	20th-century women
max_blecher	romanian novelists
donna_jo_napoli	american women novelists
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
michael_friscolanti	canadian of
dorothy_ripley	english births
george_william_johnson_:writer	english deaths
antónio_aurélio_gonçalves	cape verdean
robert_olen_butler	american american
christine_beatty_:activist	american from
filippo_buonaccorsi	italian male
ali_mohammad_afghani	iranian births
alfred_h.bill	american american novelists
olivier_rolin	french french
peter_weiss	german from
fortune_feimster	american television
martin_pasko	canadian from writers
prabhakar_pendharkar	people births
deborah_a.miranda	american american
bill_willingham	american comics
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
rebecca_hanover	american television writers
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
eduardo_liendo	croatian births
andrés_useche	american births
claude_mckay	people people
alicia_sheridan_lefanu	19th-century women
aleš_berger	slovenian from
mirosław_nahacz	polish male
michael_barnes_:canadian_author	canadian of
mary_ann_kilner	19th-century women writers
hans_fallada	german deaths
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
bjørnstjerne_bjørnson	norwegian norwegian
frederick_buechner	american from
alan_cheuse	american american short
charles_nelson_:writer	american of novelists
daniel_way	american comics
rajnarayan_basu	bengali writers
richard_leonard	people of
catherine_chung	american american novelists
alan_b.mcelroy	american male
peter_brash	american television writers
antoine_blondin	french male
adam_skirving	people births
bi_feiyu	people women
giulio_cesare_croce	italian italian
melissa_harris-perry	american from
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
galina_shergova	recipients of
howard_gordon	american television
otto_mainzer	german deaths
claudia_casper	21st-century women short
andrew_klavan	american american
aaron_paquette	canadian from
adrian_cristobal	people births
anna_radius_zuccari	italian births
bijan_najdi	iranian short
meša_selimović	serbian from
patricia_bernard	21st-century women writers
hagop_baronian	armenian deaths
darryl_broadfoot	british of birth
ahmad_bashir	pakistani from
paul_b._preciado	lgbt writers
adibah_amin	malaysian writers
giannina_braschi	american women
rasheed_amjad	people births
catherine_chung	american american novelists
bruce_pascoe	australian of writers
martha_cecilia	living people
carol_mendelsohn	american television writers
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
dan_greenburg	american american novelists
panteleimon_romanov	russian short
andreas_bruce	swedish births
brigitte_reimann	german women writers
marianne_csaky	writers from
geum_hee	south korean
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
michael_hoeye	american people
henry_miller	american from
meredith_haaf	german women writers
henry_baum	american from
deepu_pradeep	british births is
charles_gramlich	american american short
patricia_bernard	21st-century women writers
eddie_braben	english educated
carole_wilkinson	australian children's writers
aranka_siegal	american women
gerry_hassan	british of
edgar_hilsenrath	german german
charles_frederick_williams	people deaths
alvin_toffler	american from
a.m.homes	american american
méryl_marchetti	living births
mike_yaconelli	american deaths
constance_lindsay_skinner	canadian from
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
patricia_grasso	21st-century women writers
marc_menant	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
mary_martha_sherwood	english women writers
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
abdulrazak_eid	people writers
anna_maria_ortese	italian women writers
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
arjen_lubach	dutch births
carla_kelly	american of writers
mary_helen_stefaniak	american of
rajkumar_shitaljit_singh	indian from
ilya_tolstoy	russian russian
penni_russon	australian children's
benudhar_rajkhowa	asom from
märta_tikkanen	swedish writers
brett_halliday	american american
fran_roš	slovenian from
michael_berz	living people
darya_dontsova	russian births
maurice_halperin	american from
carlo_collodi	italian italian
chris_sheridan_:writer	american male
adolfo_bioy_casares	argentine births
evgenia_tur	russian short
hasan_azizul_huq	bangladeshi of
matthew_condon	australian short
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
richard_appignanesi	canadian canadian
henry_stephens_salt	english of
gordon_hyatt	american of birth
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
giovanni_antonio_palazzo	year of death
craig_wayans	american male
glenn_o'brien	american of
adam_warren_:comics	american comics
greg_kasavin	american from
halldór_laxness	people deaths
françois_gautier	french male
benjamin_taylor_:author	american university
choe_yun	south korean
michael_g._coney	20th-century births novelists
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
ardeshir_irani	indian film
patricia_wilson	women romantic fiction
matt_wagner	american comics
adam_kuckhoff	german german
dan_jurgens	american comics
edward_lewes_cutts	english deaths
bill_thompson_:technology_writer	english of
helen_pidd	people of
alexander_faulkner_shand	english of
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
david_nekrutman	american people
alan_e.nourse	american american short
randa_abdel-fattah	australian people
andré_álvares_de_almada	dominican deaths
afdlin_shauki	malaysian deaths
abdulrazak_eid	people writers
randy_boyagoda	canadian from
francine_prose	american american novelists
per_ahlmark	swedish of
gail_gibbons	american of writers
miriam_roth	american people
maria_louise_pool	american children's writers
don_roff	american male novelists
glenn_rockowitz	american from
necati_cumalı	turkish writers
rachel_lebowitz	canadian women
edward_l.youmans	american from
michael_t.scott	michael j. is is an american writer and and
heloise_:columnist	american from
nat_gertler	american comics
nathan_birnbaum	austrian deaths
norma_farber	american women
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
george_grigore	romanian births
rebecca_james_:author	australian children's writers
bill_willingham	american comics
devaki_nandan_khatri	people births
camara_laye	20th-century novelists
rian_johnson	american television
hervé_bazin	french french
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
ping_lu	21st-century women
eve_zaremba	canadian women
alexander_chee	american of novelists
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
nahum_benari	israeli jews
françois_weyergans	french births
denton_welch	english of
charles_dunster	english deaths
danny_baker	english educated
melesina_trench	irish women
elizabeth_stuckey-french	american from
guy_lyon_playfair	english births
nick_bakay	american male
heidi_w.durrow	american american
hossein_sanapour	iranian births
richard_christian_matheson	american american
ari_berk	american american novelists
alan_cheuse	american american short
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
flannery_o'connor	american american
aldous_huxley	english from
mirko_breyer	venezuelan births
frances_parthenope_verney	19th-century women writers
richard_n.goodwin	michael naradof is is an american writer writer and and
nick_stone_:author	21st-century people
george_leonard	american from
david_albahari	serbian novelists
apuleius	2nd-century romans
n.m.mohan	malaysian births is a a writer writer and
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
amiri_baraka	american from
phiroz_mehta	people of
andrea_blaugrund_nevins	american births writers
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
raša_papeš	living writers
adelaide_manning	english women writers
paola_corso	21st-century american writers
ali_el-maak	20th-century deaths
harold_acton	english of
herta_huber	german from
naomi_novik	american american novelists
anwara_syed_haq	bangladeshi of
darren_barefoot	canadian male
richard_tomkins	british of
per_ahlmark	swedish of
punaloor_balan	indian from
paul_avila_mayer	american television
orlando_wells	english male
esther_seligson	mexican women
crescenzo_alatri	italian italian
matthew_weiner	american television
matthew_j._trafford	canadian canadian novelists
edmond_richard_:writer	french births
milan_kundera	20th-century births
andrew_davies_:writer	people of
arshag_chobanian	armenian deaths
mavor_moore	canadian male
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
faturananda	people from
charles_belfoure	american from novelists
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
mohammadreza_bayrami	iranian births
rina_mimoun	american television writers
amy_hempel	american from
ed_earl_repp	american american short
dan_flores	american from
dan_amrich	american from
ayi_kwei_armah	american people
mikhail_dostoyevsky	russian russian
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
robert_rosen_:writer	american people
mary_hennell	19th-century women writers
andrés_del_corral	people births
phillip_hoose	american from
iain_sinclair	alumni of
franz_hessel	german deaths
genevieve_foster	american from
anatoly_serep	chuvash deaths
olav_nordrå	norwegian norwegian
peter_rollins	living from
pierre_nothomb	belgian from
alfred_of_malmesbury	people births
boris_aprilov	polish from
marie-anne_de_bovet	french women writers
helena_araújo	21st-century short
bernadette_hall	new zealand novelists
dževad_karahasan	bosnia and
david_turashvili	croatian births
bill_odenkirk	american television
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
pryse_lockhart_gordon	british of
mary_stolz	american women novelists
francine_noël	canadian women novelists
breen_frazier	american television birth
alasdair_gray	british of
cass_pennant	english male
hugh_sebag-montefiore	british births
brian_dunning_:author	american male
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
alexander_m.phillips	american american short
andy_vallario	year of birth
elizabeth_graver	21st-century american novelists
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
pavao_posilović	bosnia and herzegovina
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
maxim_gorky	russian male
pete_lacaba	filipino people
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
michael_nugent	irish people
alan_lee_:cricket_writer	british births
diana_e.h.russell	south african
mitch_cullin	american american
al_hewetson	canadian from
maurits_hansen	people births
gisbert_haefs	german women
peter_stursberg	canadian of
chris_mckenna_:writer	american television writers
allan_sealy	indian from
geoff_ryman	21st-century male novelists
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
philip_kreiner	canadian canadian novelists
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
daniel_vávra	video game
benedict_allen	english of
arun_krushnaji_kamble	indian births
césar_falcón	20th-century births
dinakara_desai	indian from
george_macovescu	romanian from
petar_pjesivac	australian births
cvetka_bevc	slovenian from
david_bezmozgis	canadian from
multatuli	dutch deaths
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
harut_sassounian	american deaths
margaret_stuart_barry	living births
hajro_ulqinaku	20th-century novelists
charmaine_cadeau	21st-century canadian novelists
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
n._richard_nash	american male novelists
robert_fisk	people of
gary_shteyngart	american writers
abraham_h.de_vries	british births
michelle_mclean	living universe
martha_wells	american american novelists
harold_brodkey	american from
catie_lazarus	american of birth
muhammad_husain_azad	indian from
monique_watteau	20th-century women writers
claude_bessy_:writer	french male
banarsidas_chaturvedi	indian writers
avram_davidson	american american novelists
alexander_kanengoni	british deaths
alan_coleman	australian births
george_f.willison	american rican
david_jay_brown	american from novelists
megan_ganz	american of birth missing
eduardo_acevedo_díaz	latvian births
hannah_more	english women
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
edmund_wilson	american from
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
cynthia_ozick	american american
maynah_lewis	20th-century romantic novelists
harvey_pekar	american from
brendan_o'carroll	irish from
milan_kundera	20th-century births
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
elizabeth_cobbold	19th-century women
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
mark_salzman	american from
achdé	french births
carmen_rico_godoy	people births
berta_bojetu	slovenian from
renée_french	american comics
micha_josef_berdyczewski	russian writers
belinda_jones_:writer	english women
dahvi_waller	canadian from writers
asrul_sani	indonesian births
audre_lorde	american american
brian_burland	people births
ravi_belagere	living people
c.k.stead	new zealand
patricia_st._john	english deaths
mark_hudis	american television writers
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
david_bergelson	russian writers
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
ahmed_deedat	south african
gary_north_:journalist	american of
owen_o'neill	australian of writers
michael_sampson	american from
patrick_white	australian short
gary_david_goldberg	american television
emma_romeu	australian of
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
eliáš_galajda	people writers
peter_kosminsky	english male
angelika_schrobsdorff	german german
charity_waciuma	20th-century women
cynthia_enloe	21st-century women writers
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
mustafa_sarıgül	living people
david_ren	american from
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
robert_dean_frisbie	american from
matthew_crawford	american people
beatrice_harraden	english women
maría_cadilla	puerto rican
ben_yagoda	american from
maureen_medved	21st-century women novelists
mary_jo_foley	american bloggers
dr.seuss	american from
g.s.amur	indian from
douglas_a.blackmon	american from
felice_picano	lgbt american
bahia_mahmud_awah	people of
chris_langham	english male
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
robert_j.shaw	american television
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
erik_davis	american births
george_henry_moore_:author	american from
célestine_hitiura_vaite	21st-century women
michelle_olley	english births
alexander_goldstein_:writer	russian novelists
matthew_felker	american male
david_wingrove	english births
grace_mann_brown	american deaths
brett_borgen	norwegian women
robert_l.fish	american american novelists
barry_unsworth	english of
peter_demant	russian male
emma_jane_unsworth	year of birth missing
pietro_di_donato	american from
maryana_marrash	chuvash deaths
milt_josefsberg	american television
caroline_leakey	english women
amber_benson	american women writers
omair_ahmad	indian writers
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
baltasar_porcel	spanish births
anthony_browne_:author	british of writers
elisha_cooper	american of
marita_fossum	21st-century norwegian novelists
cleo_odzer	american births
gertrude_bell	english of
harry_l.symons	canadian canadian novelists
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
frank_d.graham	american of
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
dalton_delan	american television
candace_camp	american women novelists
nicholas_delbanco	american university
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
elieshi_lema	american people
mikhail_zagoskin	russian male
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
alessandro_ghebreigziabiher	italian male
matt_nix	american television writers
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
c.austin_miles	people deaths
george_dicaprio	american births
adolf_brand	german deaths
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
elmer_clifton	american male
hsiao-hung_pai	british of
elliot_greenebaum	american from
helmut_preißler	german women
dorothy_cannell	american from
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
ellen_hollond	19th-century women writers
raoul_vaneigem	belgian births
clifford_lindsey_alderman	american american novelists
otar_chiladze	20th-century novelists
h.g.wells	english of
elsie_johansson	swedish women
cheryl_kaye_tardif	canadian women writers
g.f.zaimis	american women
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
francis_x.king	place of birth missing
george_woodcock	canadian from
ahmed_baba_miské	mauritanian deaths
ping_lu	21st-century women
adelaide_manning	english women writers
ningombam_bupenda_meitei	indian from
heather_lewis_:writer	american american
andrea_cagan	american of birth
myron_coureval_fagan	american from
cristina_ali_farah	italian births
ali_smith	20th-century of
ilya_tolstoy	russian russian
gisbert_haefs	german women
richard_hooker_:author	american from
emily_newell_blair	american from
albert_dorrington	20th-century births
musa_anter	people deaths
brian_andreas	american american
geoff_ryman	21st-century male novelists
maurice_francis_egan	american from
chen_danyan	people women
olen_steinhauer	american american novelists
ghassan_kanafani	20th-century novelists
rian_johnson	american television
harriet_angelina_fortescue	people deaths
mary_robison	american american
ahmet_zappa	american male
richard_edmonds_:scientist	people births
gordon_lish	american american novelists
gary_m_dobbs	british male
anne_mcallister	american romantic novelists
ian_mclachlan_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
ben_stein	american male
david_ruprecht	american from
nigel_rodgers	english from
dennis_kelly	english male
olle_adolphson	swedish from
matthew_dickens	american male
giorgio_amendola	italian male
betty_jane_wylie	canadian from
mark_salzman	american from
benedict_allen	english of
beatrice_harraden	english women
henry_marie_brackenridge	american deaths
ben_raab	american comics
mary_anne_burges	people women
panchu_arunachalam	indian film
carol_mendelsohn	american television writers
bas_kast	german male
allison_silberberg	american women writers
henry_blue_kline	american american
richard_hooker_:author	american from
peter_baker_:author	american of
mark_l._van_name	american american short
dagon_taya	burmese births
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
dave_erickson	american television writers
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
andrea_jutson	21st-century women novelists
g.willow_wilson	american american novelists
gianluca_arrighi	italian births
rafael_hertzberg	19th-century deaths
banarsidas_chaturvedi	indian writers
glen_whitman	american television birth
anthony_coburn	australian births writers
antonio_macías_del_real	year births
frank_manley	american american
beb_vuyk	20th-century women writers
elaine_sciolino	american of
didi_menosi	israeli jews
eyvind_johnson	swedish from
britta_gröndahl	20th-century women
gidugu_venkata_ramamoorty	indian writers
anita_nair	20th-century indian
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
cathi_unsworth	women women novelists
carl_binder	canadian television
dr.seuss	american from
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
carlos_dews	american from
fernando_gonzález_:writer	cambodian deaths
byron_preiss	american from
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
galina_shergova	recipients of
nancy_weber	21st-century women
dan_michel_of_northgate	english deaths
nguyễn_an_ninh	people deaths
marta_kauffman	american male
christopher_hurn	american of birth
david_stevens_:screenwriter	australian births
peter_demant	russian male
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
michelle_izmaylov	american women novelists
martha_wells	american american novelists
dianne_nelson	american short
eulalie_spence	american american
patricia_st._john	english deaths
desmond_fennell	21st-century from
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
george_washington_moon	19th-century deaths
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
don_escudero	people deaths
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
george_gladir	american comics
robert_r.reilly	american births
mena_calthorpe	australian women
heinrich_lilienfein	german deaths
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
bertram_brooker	canadian from
hanan_qassab_hassan	syrian of
chandra_kumar_agarwala	asom from
frank_moorhouse	australian short
carlos_méndez_villalobos	mexican births
pietro_di_donato	american from
bud_sparhawk	american american short
michael_reaves	american american novelists
e.b.white	american from
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
a.m.muhammed	indian from
max_blecher	romanian novelists
ghassan_kanafani	20th-century novelists
grace_paley	american american
ernest_buckler	canadian from
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
amy_peikoff	american from
francisco_domene	spanish male
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
christopher_paul_baker	people of
brandon_friedman	american from
edwin_charles_tubb	20th-century births novelists
dorothy_sterling	american women
gheorghe_vodă	moldovan writers
hector_c.macpherson	scottish deaths
mark_porter_:writer	living births
begum_rokeya	20th-century from
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
refika_birgül	living people
andy_borowitz	american from
boris_pahor	people of
maryline_desbiolles	21st-century women
mary_grannan	canadian women novelists
aman_nath	indian of
filip_de_pillecyn	flemish deaths
richard_edmonds_:scientist	people births
rafael_sabatini	english births
anand_mahadevan	canadian from
georgelle_hirliman	american women writers
helen_m.roberts	american from
carolyn_hax	american from
charlie_kadau	american male
aliki_theofilopoulos_grafft	american births
n._mohanan	indian male
brigitte_kronauer	german women writers
michael_szameit	italian male
pracheta_gupta	indian people
balakumaran	indian indian
paulo_setúbal	brazilian births
naoko_hayashiba	japanese japanese
masaki_tsuji	japanese births
héctor_zumbado	male short
mindy_newell	american comics
adolf_fierla	polish from
begum_rokeya	20th-century from
clementina_suárez	20th-century women
d.v.gundappa	indian from
mario_mendoza_zambrano	colombian short
geling_yan	american people
rituparna_basu	living from
charly_chiarelli	canadian from
bill_james	american from
georges_ribemont-dessaignes	french french
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
eleanor_coerr	canadian women writers
ayako_ikeda	american births
michael_barnes_:canadian_author	canadian of
benudhar_sharma	indian from
pedro_sotillo	venezuelan deaths
alejandro_pérez_lugín	spanish male
max_gallo	french people
carmen_beltrán	swedish deaths
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
bárbara_jacobs	mexican women
e.b.white	american from
basil_h.johnston	canadian from
helena_araújo	21st-century short
premchand	indian from
nick_bertozzi	american comics
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
mohinder_pratap_chand	indian from
david_nobbs	english educated
barbara_bloom	american television writers
marilyn_roberts	british of
miguel_herrero_uceda	living people
maría_larraín_de_vicuña	chilean deaths
dan_vyleta	canadian from
bret_hart	canadian from
mike_scully	american television writers
ota_pavel	austrian births
atis_kronvalds	people deaths
pete_moore_:science_writer	living people
beau_smith	american comics
c.j.henderson	american male
pierre_rabhi	living births
herbert_huncke	american from
anton_schnack	german german
panas_myrny	ukrainian male
gwyn_thomas_:novelist	20th-century short
mary_kay_zuravleff	american american
david_farr_:theatre_director	english births
attia_hosain	indian from
nigel_nicolson	people of
blake_bailey	american from
alyson_richman	american of novelists
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
allan_frewin_jones	english births
matt_nix	american television writers
dimitri_vladimirovich_isayev	chuvash deaths
ramkumar_mukhopadhyay	indian writers
nellikkal_muraleedharan	indian from
donna_williams	australian from
perrine_leblanc	canadian canadian novelists
henry_bordeaux	french deaths
petar_zoranić	people births
māra_zālīte	living births
dejan_medaković	serbian from
mikhail_zagoskin	russian male
breyten_breytenbach	south african
françois_bégaudeau	french french
norrey_ford	english romantic writers
elisabeth_hauptmann	20th-century women
markus_hediger	swiss from
carl_muller	south lankan
david_biespiel	american from
erik_fosnes_hansen	norwegian from
nick_joaquin	belgian births
michael_blumlein	american american novelists
edward_allen_bernero	american television
nicolae_negru	moldovan writers
ben_yagoda	american from
derek_clendening	canadian from
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
c.bernard_ruffin	people births
george_gladir	american comics
alain_absire	french french
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
emma_haché	canadian canadian novelists
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
david_a.moss	american from
hilda_nickson	20th-century women novelists
francine_noël	canadian women novelists
dan_wickline	american from
norberto_romualdez	people writers
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
robert_satloff	american from
richard_titlebaum	american american
bhisham_sahni	indian from
constance_heaven	20th-century romantic novelists
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
harry_rowohlt	german from
anna_goldsworthy	australian from
charmaine_cadeau	21st-century canadian novelists
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
erik_fosnes_hansen	norwegian from
emilio_salgari	italian male
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
māra_zālīte	living births
rich_wilson_:journalist	english of
deborah_a.miranda	american american
gyula_hernádi	hungarian male
a.igoni_barrett	21st-century short
nathan_burrage	australian short story
peter_dubé	canadian male novelists
märta_helena_reenstierna	swedish swedish
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
max_benitz	english male
rashid_jahan	20th-century deaths
haruo_umezaki	south deaths
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
maynah_lewis	20th-century romantic novelists
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
david_nekrutman	american people
ashwin_sanghi	indian women
odveig_klyve	norwegian norwegian
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
barry_cryer	english educated
fred_van_lente	american comics
maurice_halperin	american from
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
dox_:poet	20th-century deaths
matthew_felker	american male
e.vasu	indian indian
ezechiel_saad	people writers
gillian_riley	english births
nikos_perakis	living people
pavel_nilin	russian short
ostap_vyshnya	russian writers
aqeel_abbas_jafari	pakistani births
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
birendra_kumar_bhattacharya	indian from
eve_bunting	australian women writers
craig_hinton	20th-century short
gianna_manzini	20th-century women
myriam_francois-cerrah	living people writers
flora_annie_steel	19th-century short
fernando_argenta	spanish male
ada_cambridge	australian women
martin_van_beynen	21st-century from
cathy_park_hong	american from
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
mary_downing_hahn	21st-century women novelists
pavao_pavličić	croatian novelists
delia_grigore	romanian from
fernando_argenta	spanish male
carmen_beltrán	swedish deaths
hala_misrati	australian births
andy_luckey	american from
eric_overmyer	american television
alec_sulkin	american television writers
david_j.mitchell	canadian from
darya_dontsova	russian births
adam_begley	american from
grigory_adamov	russian male
pierre_ryckmans_:writer	21st-century births
otto_rahn	people births
patrick_deville	french french
edmundo_paz_soldán	american births
augusten_burroughs	lgbt from
fernando_argenta	spanish male
federico_andahazi	argentine argentine
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
carlos_manuel_de_céspedes_y_quesada	people births
alfred_masson-forestier	french french
erin_levy	american television birth
randy_boyagoda	canadian from
nevin_halıcı	living people birth
guillermo_meneses	venezuelan births
frank_d.graham	american of
martin_page_:author	21st-century births
marie-louise_gay	canadian from
david_boyd_haycock	english births
pierre_béarn	french french
gunilla_lundgren	swedish women
gerit_quealy	american from
richard_crasta	american male
peter_seabrook	english educated
mark_blagrave	canadian canadian novelists
ian_la_frenais	english educated at
richard_reeves_:american_writer	american people
peter_lovesey	english short
michael_cisco	american american novelists
daisy_hernández	american women
charlotte_higgins	english births
daniel_vovak	american from
raquel_verdesoto	ecuadorian deaths
hitomi_takagaki	japanese births
ed_cullen	american from
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
betty_ren_wright	american women novelists
husna_ahmad	british of
paul_b._preciado	lgbt writers
philip_k._dick	american american
gregg_easterbrook	american from
buz_kohan	american television
paul_guimard	20th-century french novelists
rebecca_walker	american women
mike_resnick	american american novelists
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
robert_t.jeschonek	american american short
niko_pucić	serbian deaths
brian_mcnaughton	american american novelists
ochirbatyn_dashbalbar	20th-century deaths
dwight_macdonald	american from
davor_domazet-lošo	turkish writers
guo_jingming	people births
paola_corso	21st-century american writers
greg_bear	american american novelists
pier_alessandro_paravia	italian births
cleve_cartmill	american american novelists
durga_charan_mohanty	indian from
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
consuelo_de_saint_exupéry	french french writers
bob_tischler	american television writers
carlos_baker	american from
david_graziano	american television writers
maria_amelie	living births
franz_fühmann	german german
paul_di_filippo	american american short
abdulrazak_eid	people writers
melinda_hammond	year of birth
anton_schnack	german german
begum_rokeya	20th-century from
mikihiko_renjō	japanese japanese
ali_al-abdallah	year of is
mary_tate_engels	american of writers
dimitrie_prelipcean	moldovan births
maria_mutch	canadian canadian novelists
caleb_crain	american of
ginette_mathiot	french deaths
bernard_rudofsky	people deaths
aqeel_abbas_jafari	pakistani births
dennis_o'neil	american comics
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
gérard_klein	french births fiction
b.m.suhara	20th-century women
miha_mazzini	slovenian from
fernanda_eberstadt	21st-century women novelists
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
mieko_kanai	japanese births
elisha_cooper	american of
arthur_dimmock	people births
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
charlotte_elizabeth_tonna	english women writers
hélène_rioux	canadian women
patrick_white	australian short
francis_seow	singaporean of
florjan_lipuš	slovenian from
harry_grey	american american novelists
chris_kelly_:writer	american of
omar_abd_al-kafi	egyptian people
haemi_balgassi	american of of
arnold_zweig	german of
micki_dickoff	american of birth
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
richard_titlebaum	american american
phyllis_bennis	living people
helen_hooven_santmyer	american american
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
halil_jaçellari	albanian short
blake_bailey	american from
paul_zacharia	indian indian
graham_sleight	english science fiction
rafael_spinola	guatemalan short
andy_wightman	scottish of
elizabeth_julia_hasell	people women
anatoly_sofronov	recipients of
bruce_helford	american television writers
muhammed_bozdağ	turkish people
märta_helena_reenstierna	swedish swedish
milan_paroški	serbian of
rhianna_pratchett	english people
gregory_keyes	american american novelists
n.khelchandra_singh	malaysian khelchandra was
b.s.mardhekar	indian from
aurelio_gonzález_ovies	spanish births
pamela_allen	australian from writers
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
patricia_wrightson	australian women
olivier_weber	french french
bernd_brunner	german women
azariah_southworth	american from
antonio_tabucchi	italian from
antoni_maria_alcover_i_sureda	burmese births
michael_zarnock	american male
greg_kot	american from
ricardo_barreiro	argentine male
robert_chiappetta	american television writers
hans_beimler_:screenwriter	american television writers
dr.seuss	american from
edith_b.price	american from
henry_joseph_monck_mason	people births
monika_bohge	german women writers
rajiva_wijesinha	south of
olivia_coolidge	american births
greg_rucka	american from
ricky_lo	filipino people
alice_borchardt	american women novelists
david_alderton	english births
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
robert_fisk	people of
donald_wilson_:writer_and_producer	british births
edmond_fleg	french french
avadhanam_sita_raman	indian from
derek_santos_olson	american television writers
achy_obejas	american american
paul_theroux	american from
rafael_hertzberg	19th-century deaths
richard_cobbold	english deaths
gilbert_king_:author	american from
amélie_nothomb	belgian births
brian_attebery	american american novelists
david_woodard	american births
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
boudewijn_büch	dutch deaths
c.k.stead	new zealand
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
arthur_richman	american from
antoine_rédier	french male
miguel_m._abrahão	brazilian novelists
g.s.amur	indian from
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
dragomir_brajković	serbian from
ben_dolnick	american from novelists
richard_euringer	german male
patrick_marnham	english of
gail_simone	american comics
charlotte_o'conor_eccles	19th-century births
elna_baker	american from
andrew_mcculloch_:writer_and_actor	people of
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
carol_dunlop	canadian from
charles_gordon_:journalist	canadian canadian
emily_underdown	english women
donald_e.westlake	american american novelists
david_pinski	20th-century deaths
alfred_machin_:writer	people of
anna_de_noailles	french french
mary_robison	american american
plum_johnson	canadian canadian writers
achille_essebac	french male
catherynne_m.valente	21st-century american novelists
benjamin_odell_:producer	american male
heleen_mees	japanese births
aaron_elkins	american american novelists
ian_rankin	british of
mordecai_richler	canadian canadian
alexander_levitov	russian russian
philip_pullman	english of
peter_cheney	year of birth
robert_leighton_:cartoonist	living people
brad_ferguson	american american novelists
carlos_labbé	chilean births
mark_aldanov	russian male
arthur_c.clarke	english from
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
colin_clark_:filmmaker	english of
elie_wiesel	american american
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
natalya_baranskaya	russian short
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
abel_meeropol	american deaths
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
mary_robison	american american
daniel_newman_:academic	british births
patrick_meighan_:writer	american television writers
richard_jefferies	english births
g.herbert_sallans	canadian canadian novelists
henry_liu	20th-century from
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
clifford_lindsey_alderman	american american novelists
nellie_hermann	21st-century american novelists
f.digby_hardy	people of
charlotte_delbo	20th-century women
richard_hakluyt	english deaths
michael_shulman_:writer	american male
megan_ganz	american of birth missing
dan_vyleta	canadian from
amanda_auchter	american women
nina_berberova	russian russian
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
alan_gibbons	english births
friedrich_märker	german from
barry_cooper_:author	michael births is
budge_wilson	canadian of
dava_sobel	american of
franz_jung	people births
cora_coralina	brazilian women
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
benjamin_radford	american of birth
brockton_mckinney	american american short
gary_janetti	american from
rafael_moreu	american television birth
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
anura_c.perera	sri lankan
paul_griffiths_:director	living births
bruno_lasker	american births
alice_priestley	canadian women
barbara_leonie_picard	20th-century women writers
claudio_sanchez	american births
crane_wilbur	american from
henry_avray_tipping	english deaths
asma_gull_hasan	american of
rajanikanta_bordoloi	asom from
cathi_bond	canadian women novelists
morgan_bell	australian from
angela_amato_velez	american television birth
rachel_manley	canadian women writers
michel_basilières	canadian canadian novelists
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
ari_berk	american american novelists
graham_swift	english male
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
erica_james	20th-century women novelists
claude_aveline	french french
michael_erard	year of birth
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
abdullah_tahiri	people deaths
rob_heppler	living people
crystal_wilkinson	american american
hossein_mortezaeian_abkenar	iranian births
gertrude_bell	english of
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
frank_skinner	english educated
dugald_steer	english births writers
hal_clement	american science novelists
carla_walschap	belgian from
amina_mama	21st-century of
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
corín_tellado	spanish women
michel_bussi	french french
duane_swierczynski	american american novelists
david_whitley	people of
peter_tieryas	american births
choi_in-ho	south births
gabrielle_lord	australian women
chuck_philips	american from
chris_cleave	english male
raphaël_tardon	french male
ginette_anfousse	canadian women writers
gerasimos_vokos	people deaths
al-jahiz	people deaths
antoine_de_rivarol	french french
alan_j.gould	people deaths
h.g.wells	english of
reiko_shimizu	living people
fergus_bordewich	american births
angelica_garnett	english deaths
fatima_besnaci-lancou	21st-century women writers
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
nedžad_ibrišimović	bosnia and
flannery_o'connor	american american
nicholas_sparks	american american
marina_ripa_di_meana	italian women
haru_m.reischauer	slovenian deaths
maria_jane_jewsbury	19th-century women writers
gotlib	french births
matt_silverstein	american television
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
arnie_lerma	american from
mary_stocks,_baroness_stocks	19th-century deaths
eraclio_zepeda	mexican births
asma_gull_hasan	american of
maría_dueñas	spanish women
nora_bossong	german women
arthur_wyatt	british comics is
nikolai_naumov	russian male
peter_weiss	german from
n.mohanan	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
ricardo_miró	venezuelan deaths
greg_daniels	american television
charles_o'conor_:historian	people births
rabina_khan	british of
ferdinand_de_lanoye	french deaths
michael_t._scott	american male
michelle_mclean	living universe
alex_haley	american from
chin_ce	living births
atsuko_asano_:writer	japanese births
patrick_f._mcmanus	american from
arshag_chobanian	armenian deaths
françois_duprat	french births
erica_james	20th-century women novelists
helene_voigt-diederichs	20th-century women
a.s.king	21st-century women novelists
meagan_mckinney	21st-century women novelists
hagop_baronian	armenian deaths
eric_holmes_:videogame_designer	canadian comics is
neal_asher	english births
netta_syrett	english english
richard_c._meredith	american american short
dorothy_whipple	english deaths
chris_shipley	american from
margot_arce_de_vázquez	puerto rican
charlotte_vale_allen	canadian women novelists
matt_reeves	american television
hamid_ekrem_šahinović	bosnia and
edna_mayne_hull	20th-century women novelists
charles_lamb	english births
henri-françois_rey	french male
greg_daniels	american television
radu_pavel_gheo	romanian short
noel_loomis	american from
patrick_deville	french french
mihail_șerban_:writer	romanian novelists
margaret_roper	english women
nick_toczek	british of
david_zuckerman	american television
grant_morrison	people of
andrea_camilleri	italian italian
paul_guimard	20th-century french novelists
brandon_mull	american of
a.r.krishnashastry	indian from
emma_richmond	year of birth
diana_e.h.russell	south african
meg_medina	american from
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
may_theilgaard_watts	american women
andre_norton	american american novelists
min_theinkha	burmese writers
robert_fisk	people of
peter_brimelow	american from
dan_jurgens	american comics
alberto_bevilacqua	italian italian
barry_chamish	canadian from
don_escudero	people deaths
giorgio_faletti	italian births
adam_kuckhoff	german german
brian_cleeve	irish from
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
milt_larsen	american people
richard_steele	19th-century of
emma_gad	people deaths
brian_hargrove	american television
asma_gull_hasan	american of
anna_fienberg	australian children's writers
nuray_lale	living women
alenka_goljevšček	slovenian from
nat_benchley	american male
emma_richmond	year of birth
doron_medalie	israeli people
david_carpenter_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
philippe_claudel	french births
david_ruprecht	american from
gene_hong	american television writers
gourahari_das	indian from
francisco_cascales	spanish births
guy_davenport	american american
dimbeswar_neog	asom from
marion_chesney	21st-century women fiction
frédéric_mistral	19th-century french
eli_amir	israeli births
quim_monzó	spanish births
ali-akbar_sa'idi_sirjani	iranian deaths
abdulah_sidran	bosnia and
abdulrazak_eid	people writers
dorothy_scarborough	american from
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
daniel_ivin	croatian births
oliver_onions	english male
allan_chappelow	people of
c.s.chellappa	indian indian
henrietta_christian_wright	american children's
brunello_rondi	italian male
qais_akbar_omar	american people
daniele_bolelli	american male
michel_désautels	canadian canadian novelists
charles_alden_seltzer	american american novelists
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
dimosthenis_kourtovik	greek births
mike_shepherd_:author	american american novelists
david_foster_:writer	american of writers
medo_pucić	serbian deaths
celia_thaxter	american american
david_friedrichsfeld	german deaths
frank_o'connor	irish deaths
alice_bailey	english deaths
august_derleth	american american novelists
g.s.amur	indian from
niel_bushnell	english births
freya_north	21st-century women novelists
debra_anderson	canadian canadian novelists
radoslav_pavlović	living people
géza_csáth	hungarian deaths
onat_kutlar	turkish writers
evadne_price	20th-century women writers
david_pogue	american from
germaine_greer	australian from
nellikkal_muraleedharan	indian from
drew_karpyshyn	dungeons from dragons
bess_meredyth	american from
mary_miller_:writer	21st-century women novelists
francisco_manuel_de_mello	italian births
marie_fox	people deaths
barry_webster_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
augusto_monterroso	guatemalan short
martin_hyun	living births
robert_gittler	american of
david_eddings	american american novelists
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
philip_dray	american of birth
cathleen_with	canadian canadian novelists
andrew_mcculloch_:writer_and_actor	people of
george_lockhart_:politician	people of
george_gipe	american male
ernest_delahaye	french french
bernard_gheur	belgian births
adibah_amin	malaysian writers
david_x.cohen	american television
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
helen_steiner_rice	american women
carol_windley	canadian canadian novelists
arkadiy_belinkov	russian writers
nikolay_karamzin	russian russian
alekos_sakellarios	croatian novelists
robert_clark_young	american male
carol_barbee	american television writers
eve_bunting	australian women writers
matt_nix	american television writers
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
arthur_upfield	20th-century from
nazir_ahmad_dehlvi	indian from
michel_bibaud	canadian canadian
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
hamid_ekrem_šahinović	bosnia and
craig_hickman	american from
henrique_couto	american births
elizabeth_kent_:writer	people women writers
george_grigore	romanian births
anna_holmes	american of
g.s.amur	indian from
heloise_:columnist	american from
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
mike_leigh	english male
choi_in-ho	south births
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
mira_mihelič	slovenian from
claudia_casper	21st-century women short
phil_klay	american from
ray_connolly	british births
georges_lagrange	french french
angie_abdou	21st-century canadian novelists
grant_allen	canadian from
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
andrey_dikiy	russian russian
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
eric_holmes_:videogame_designer	canadian comics is
orson_spencer	american from
maurice_constantin-weyer	french french
alberto_arbasino	italian births
constance_hale	american women writers
christine_piper	australian from
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
annejet_van_der_zijl	20th-century women writers
gene_hong	american television writers
garry_ryan	canadian canadian novelists
robert_barret	year of birth
fred_bridgland	british of
anne_hollingsworth_wharton	american deaths
robert_d.cardona	american television
aman_nath	indian of
germaine_greer	australian from
christine_boylan	american television writers
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
carlos_manuel_de_céspedes_y_quesada	people births
r._c._lehmann	people of
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
ali_al-abdallah	year of is
patrick_white	australian short
maximilian_bern	german births
michèle_marineau	canadian canadian novelists
huo_da	people births
richard_harris_:television_writer	english births
pingali_nagendrarao	indian from
eric_de_kuyper	belgian births
felicia_bond	american women
garin_wolf	american television writers
ferenc_talányi	people writers
paula_broadwell	american from
andrew_bovell	australian births
husna_ahmad	british of
nirmal_verma	indian from
anna_de_noailles	french french
clem_schouwenaars	belgian deaths
raghavanka	indian from
gerda_weissmann_klein	american american
ida_hegazi_høyer	norwegian norwegian writers
frank_o'hara	american from
elsa_joubert	south african
andrés_caicedo	male short
arthur_c.clarke	english from
emily_barr	21st-century women writers
r._chandru	indian film
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
anton_matthias_sprickmann	people deaths
bjørn_sand	norwegian births
bill_mantlo	american comics
marguerite_henry	american women novelists
andy_vallario	year of birth
elizabeth_anne_finn	people deaths
barbu_ștefănescu_delavrancea	romanian from
gladys_casely-hayford	20th-century women
colin_duriez	british writers
david_pogue	american from
monica_ali	british women
nikolay_haytov	people deaths
alf_prøysen	norwegian deaths
darrell_figgis	19th-century deaths
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
chandra_kumar_agarwala	asom from
blanche_d'alpuget	20th-century women
ben_richards_:writer	english male
harry_grey	american american novelists
margaret_wise_brown	american women
david_wolstencroft	british of
genevieve_foster	american from
gregory_orfalea	american people
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
nguyễn_ngọc_ngạn	canadian from
david_pogue	american from
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
hilario_barrero	spanish male
max_borenstein	american people
daniela_dahn	german german
cheikh_tidiane_gaye	people births
ina_boudier-bakker	20th-century dutch
matilda_hays	19th-century women
ginette_mathiot	french deaths
octavio_paz	mexican women
meghan_o'rourke	american women
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
paulus_melissus	german deaths
freddie_williams_ii	american comics
george_william_russell	irish deaths
beatrice_burton	20th-century women novelists
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
dumitru_matcovschi	moldovan writers
ali-akbar_sa'idi_sirjani	iranian deaths
dox_:poet	20th-century deaths
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
george_gladir	american comics
akshay_chandra_sharma	indian from
alexandra_shimo	canadian canadian
georges_pillement	french births
mike_mcquay	american american short
pamela_brooks	21st-century women novelists
daniel_singer_:journalist	people births
greye_la_spina	american american short
attia_hosain	indian from
ailsa_piper	australian from
nay_myo_thant	burmese writers
ed_husain	british of
graham_roland	american of birth
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
amir_muhammad_:director	british births
daniel_nester	american from
dolores_alexander	american from
patricia_wrede	21st-century women novelists
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
erica_johnson_debeljak	american american
andre_norton	american american novelists
mark_richard	american from
derek_drymon	american male
najat_el_hachmi	spanish births
devon_shepard	american television writers
allen_r.morris	american from
boaz_lavie	people lavie
neil_innes	english births
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
andy_bobrow	american television writers
h.j.whigham	scottish births
mary_hobson	english births
andré_chevrillon	french births
fernanda_eberstadt	21st-century women novelists
deidre_behar	american births
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
henry_baum	american from
anil_ghorai	indian from
miguel_syjuco	living people
margot_arce_de_vázquez	puerto rican
matthew_robinson_:director	american people
h.r.percy	canadian male novelists
robert_m.pirsig	american from
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
barbara_euphan_todd	english deaths
maxim_kalashnikov	russian births
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
hermann_kasack	german german
edmond_hoyle	english deaths
margaret_wise_brown	american women
maurice_francis_egan	american from
rashid_askari	bangladeshi people
richard_crasta	american male
gary_demar	american from writers
henry_thomas_mackenzie_bell	english deaths
michel_quint	french births
mary_ann_kilner	19th-century women writers
arthur_morrison	english english
charles_sheehan-miles	american from
hisham_matar	american of
natalie_fox	living people writers
maryana_marrash	chuvash deaths
alex_robinson	american from
ian_mckay_:writer	british of
emma_dolujanoff	mexican women writers
max_apple	american male
h.j.whigham	scottish births
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
christiane_koren	norwegian norwegian writers
hamid_khan_:lawyer	pakistani births
dick_clement	english educated
emine_semiye_önasya	turkish writers
alexander_russell_webb	american from
helena_araújo	21st-century short
gerry_hassan	british of
barbara_delinsky	21st-century women novelists
edith_bruck	20th-century women
martha_frick_symington_sanger	living births
goffredo_alessandrini	italian births
ignacio_ramírez	austrian deaths
giles_milton	british of writers
hella_haasse	20th-century women
dino_stamatopoulos	american television
al-saddiq_al-raddi	living births
nuray_lale	living women
disappearance_of_susan_walsh	american male
djuna_barnes	american american
brigitte_reimann	german women writers
merho	living births
francisco_domene	spanish male
dikran_chökürian	ottoman armenian
chigozie_obioma	nigerian nigerian
daniil_andreyev	russian male
andrey_dikiy	russian russian
emma_jane_unsworth	year of birth missing
catherine_seipp	american from
michael_cohen_:writer	australian births
chiara_matraini	italian italian
faolán_mac_an_ghabhann_na_scéal	people births
andre_norton	american american novelists
gary_johns	australian of
holly_smale	english of birth missing
birgitta_trotzig	swedish from
arno_surminski	german male
archie_goodwin_:comics	american age
darryl_ponicsan	american american novelists
charles_gaines	american from
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
emma_richler	21st-century canadian short
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
erich_loest	german from
constance_laux	american of novelists
oliver_la_farge	american american
robert_gottlieb	american from
rob_neyer	american births
blanche_mcmanus	american american writers
beatríz_peniche_barrera	mexican women writers
mark_aldanov	russian male
alan_sillitoe	english short
mazhar_abro	pakistani short
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
michelle_herman	living births writers
andré_rouveyre	french deaths
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
marc_lambron	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
graham_hancock	british writers
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
eliáš_galajda	people writers
rajzel_żychlińsky	american american
michael_herr	american from
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
mik_duffy	new of writers
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
brian_burland	people births
marianne_nunn	people births
fatix_ämirxan	ukrainian deaths
adam_c.engst	american from
mark_bence-jones	people of
maria_popova	american births
mike_dash	british writers
dominique_fernandez	french french
eric_muspratt	australian from
gonzalo_suárez	spanish male
andré_aciman	american american
djuna_barnes	american american
david_pescovitz	american of birth
alba_de_céspedes_y_bertini	20th-century women
masti_venkatesha_iyengar	indian writers
mary_renault	20th-century from
nina_josu	moldovan writers
rae_earl	english women
b.m.suhara	20th-century women
nuggehalli_pankaja	indian writers
gisèle_prassinos	20th-century women
fereshteh_molavi	iranian births
ginette_anfousse	canadian women writers
han_nolan	american from novelists
gustaw_herling-grudziński	polish from
deric_longden	english deaths
gnani_sankaran	indian writers
patricia_gaffney	21st-century women novelists
darryl_ponicsan	american american novelists
christine_piper	australian from
donald_shaw_:academic	american deaths
alvin_boretz	american from
hortense_calisher	american american
elspeth_cameron	canadian from
matthias_politycki	german women
h.r.percy	canadian male novelists
mehmed_uzun	turkish births
christabel_bielenberg	people deaths
raymond_abrashkin	american from
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
owen_wister	american from
gabe_hudson	american american novelists
elisa_von_der_recke	german births
mariangelo_accorso	italian encyclopaedia
a.s.gnanasambandan	indian writers
nate_jackson	living births
charles_kenneth_scott_moncrieff	people of
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
armas_äikiä	ukrainian deaths
edith_pattou	american women novelists
grace_paley	american american
anne_hollingsworth_wharton	american deaths
diana_morgan_:novelist	american of novelists
robert_e.thompson	american from
camara_laye	20th-century novelists
max_borenstein	american people
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
olof_lagercrantz	swedish swedish
andy_goodman	american of birth
mavro_vetranović	20th-century novelists
gerry_finley-day	british of writers
george_gladir	american comics
rené_balcer	canadian from
don_payne_:writer	american from
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
richard_appignanesi	canadian canadian
robert_bausch	21st-century american novelists
genevieve_foster	american from
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
henry_s.whitehead	american american short
orson_spencer	american from
margaret_hodges	american from
may_cutler	canadian women
georges_perros	french deaths
nathalie_gassel	belgian births
ratnakar_matkari	indian film
imad_rahman	american of
matthew_graham	living of birth
christopher_noxon	american births
david_icke	english of
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
fedja_isović	bosnia and herzegovina
michelle_mclean	living universe
evgenia_tur	russian short
niccolò_tucci	american short
robert_thurman	american from
giannina_braschi	american women
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
ian_mckay_:writer	british of
reginald_hudlin	american film
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
antonio_corma	spanish births
hedda_zinner	german of
amitava_kumar	american from
ichirō_sakaki	living births
borisav_stanković	serbian deaths
hildegarde_dolson_lockridge	american women
gus_john	british of
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
cathryn_humphris	american television birth
marielle_heller	living people
georges_lagrange	french french
ewa_nowak	indonesian births
carol_dunlop	canadian from
edmond_richard_:writer	french births
dennis_denisoff	canadian from
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
fred_j.broomfield	australian births
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
celeste_ng	american from of
rajat_arora	indian film
chyung_jinkyu	south births
rachel_kushner	21st-century american novelists
nick_bertozzi	american comics
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
ida_pollock	20th-century women novelists
hector_c.macpherson	scottish deaths
eudora_welty	american american
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
pierre_de_jarric	french male
mary_downing_hahn	21st-century women novelists
na_do-hyang	south births
miho_mosulishvili	male births
barbara_dawson_smith	21st-century women writers
david_spicer_:writer	year of birth missing
mitchell_burgess	american television writers
mary_peters_:hymn_writer	people births
peter_gibbs_:cricketer	english educated
colin_dexter	english of
norman_franks	people births
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
neal_drinnan	australian short story
berta_golob	slovenian births
paul_rieckhoff	american from
park_yeonghan	south births
enrique_dussel	argentine from
france_herron	american age
rasmus_steinsvik	norwegian births
alma_katsu	21st-century women novelists
borisav_stanković	serbian deaths
marjorie_celona	21st-century women novelists
mohammed_rateb_al-nabulsi	living writers
donna_kossy	american women
patricia_matthews	20th-century women novelists
meletius_smotrytsky	polish deaths
ian_frazier	american from
arnold_bennett	english male
pat_brown_:criminal_profiler	american women writers
brendan_gullifer	australian births
andre_dubus	american american novelists
paul_zacharia	indian indian
elizabeth_george_speare	american american novelists
froma_harrop	american women
mike_carlin	american comics
mark_danner	american from
elizabeth_burgoyne_corbett	19th-century deaths
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
bejoy_nambiar	indian film directors
randall_jahnson	american male
necati_cumalı	turkish writers
māra_zālīte	living births
ian_rankin	british of
achy_obejas	american american
edgar_valter	people deaths
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
antonia_ridge	scottish deaths
daniel_scott_:writer	american american novelists
abraham_brumberg	israeli writers
odd_eidem	norwegian births
bronte_woodard	american deaths
dmitry_gorchakov	russian male
emmanuel_bove	french male
henry_blue_kline	american american
bill_lee_:author	american from
adele_megann	21st-century women short
c.k.stead	new zealand
coelho_neto	brazilian deaths
nahoko_uehashi	japanese births
florida_friebus	american from
graham_higgins	british births is
abu_rushd	bangladeshi of
edwin_cerio	italian italian
eva_emery_dye	american american
catherine_seipp	american from
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
begum_rokeya	20th-century from
harcharan_chawla	20th-century from
pol_van_den_driessche	living births
robert_gottlieb	american from
daniel_picouly	french births
charlotte_dean	american from writers
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
don_mcgregor	american comics
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
mimi_leahey	american television writers
agustin_cueva	israeli deaths
arsen_revazov	russian writers
g.k.chesterton	english male
belo_cipriani	american american
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
britta_gröndahl	20th-century women
catherine_seipp	american from
robert_laxalt	american american novelists
nisi_shawl	american american novelists
franco_scaglia	italian italian
andrew_hutchinson_:author	australian from
alexandra_levit	american births
erwin_strittmatter	german of
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
pedro_garcía_cabrera	spanish male
robert_a.heinlein	american from
alexander_chee	american of novelists
david_horowitz	american from
adibah_amin	malaysian writers
peter_simpson_:writer	new of
elizabeth_anne_finn	people deaths
richard_bell_:director	living people
max_crawford_:writer	american from
paulo_mendes_campos	male births
pj_manney	21st-century women
robert_hull	american television writers
dolores_alexander	american from
célestine_hitiura_vaite	21st-century women
cheikh_tidiane_gaye	people births
frederick_guthrie	british of
alan_wrigley	australian of
nathuram_premi	indian deaths
michael_lesy	american births
nicholas_kollerstrom	british people
rafael_cardoso_:art_historian	mexican births
dun_karm_psaila	people deaths
howard_white_:writer	canadian from
candace_fleming	american women writers
martin_r._dean	living people
andrea_goldsmith	australian women
rafael_sabatini	english births
norbert_blei	american american novelists
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
frances_stead_sellers	american of
phyllis_chesler	american from
adriano_gonzález_león	20th-century novelists
monique_watteau	20th-century women writers
hovhannes_setian	armenian deaths
e.b.white	american from
orson_spencer	american from
norman_rush	american american novelists
alexandra_shimo	canadian canadian
michael_lemonick	american people
nam_cao	turkish births
mohammed_arav_bessaoud	2nd-century deaths
catherine_jinks	australian children's
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
charles_perez	american from
agnes_grainger_stewart	british of
pierre_bellemare	french male
eugene_george_key	american american novelists
pádraic_ó_conaire	19th-century deaths
maría_lejárraga	polish male
dan_o'neill_:writer	american from
gary_indiana	american of
herbert_achternbusch	german german
gerald_ganglbauer	people of
adam_zameenzad	british of
pete_lacaba	filipino people
peter_grandbois	american people
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
min_lu	burmese writers
david_vern_reed	american comics
robert_bloch	american american novelists
edith_josie	canadian from
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
najat_el_hachmi	spanish births
bimal_kar	bengali writers
david_treuer	american american
cindy_haug	norwegian women writers
dmytro_dontsov	ukrainian deaths
pati_hill	american births
e.c.myers	american american novelists
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
greg_rucka	american from
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
philippe_soupault	french french
cevin_soling	american births
beatriz_copello	australian australian
richard_sharpe_shaver	american american short
boris_vasilyev_:writer	russian male
mikhail_zhvanetsky	recipients of
ann_c.crispin	american women novelists
anton_rønneberg	norwegian norwegian
michael_banim	irish deaths
anne_bragance	21st-century women writers
gabriele_kuby	german women writers
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
nikil_saval	american people
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
aino_malmberg	people births
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
michael_g._coney	20th-century births novelists
marjorie_gross	canadian from
michealene_risley	american births
eugen_kumičić	croatian novelists
igor_štiks	croatian novelists
colin_thompson	english births
david_small	american from
ben_sanders_:author	new zealand writers
don_novello	american male
arthur_frederick_jones	american of
caroline_dries	american television writers
herbert_marshall_:writer	british births
helen_weinzweig	canadian canadian novelists
anne_hampson	year romantic birth missing
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
fredrika_bremer	swedish swedish
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
brenda_silsbe	canadian women writers
natalie_jane_prior	australian children's
craig_hinton	20th-century short
barry_turner_:journalist	british of
elena_chudinova	russian births
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
charles_mudede	american from
mary_noailles_murfree	american women writers
alberto_de_meneses_rodrigues	indian from
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
bronte_woodard	american deaths
césar_aira	argentine births
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
hasnat_abdul_hye	bengali writers
ignacio_mariscal	austrian deaths
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
mary_hocking	20th-century women
charles_de_lint	21st-century from novelists
augustus_jessopp	english deaths
betim_muço	albanian albanian
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
michael_shermer	american from
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
hannah_friedman	american from
robert_j.burch	american american novelists
arturo_jauretche	argentine essayists
mike_wolfer	living people birth
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
aluri_chakrapani	telugu births
catherine_chung	american american novelists
nancy_kress	american american novelists
alex_kendrick	american male
mohammad-ja'far_pouyandeh	iranian writers
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
christopher_g.moore	canadian from
adam_kuckhoff	german german
paddy_richardson	21st-century zealand writers
marilyn_suzanne_miller	american television
oliver_robins	american male
michael_vosse	american births
patrick_califia	american from
iffat_ara	bangladeshi writers
mildred_ames	american women novelists
patric_verrone	american from
allan_sherman	american from
daniil_mordovtsev	russian russian
miguel_mendonca	british births
avram_davidson	american american novelists
paolo_tullio	irish writers
annemarie_schwarzenbach	mexican women
robert_c.cooper	living people
elizabeth_tyrwhitt	english of writers
reginald_campbell	british births
cecilio_acosta	venezuelan deaths
benoît_peeters	french births
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
beverly_cleary	american from
ann_mortifee	canadian from
camille_recht	german women writers
richard_marsland	australian from
hubert_mingarelli	french births
melina_marchetta	australian children's
enrique_dussel	argentine from
erik_orton	american from
christopher_moore_:author	american american novelists
anton_schnack	german german
chandra_prasad_saikia	indian from
eshwar_sundaresan	indian film
bill_birkett	year of birth missing
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
graham_linehan	irish births
francisco_xavier_da_cruz	cape verdean
neil_innes	english births
onat_kutlar	turkish writers
hannah_lowe	british of
olga_shapir	russian short
gary_burns_:director	canadian of
harald_braem	german births
alenka_goljevšček	slovenian from
david_ebershoff	american male
margot_arce_de_vázquez	puerto rican
dave_eggers	american american
matt_k._lewis	american of
phakirappa_gurubasappa_halakatti	people writers
henri_patin	19th-century french
henry_lawson	australian women
cynthia_ozick	american american
charles_gordon_:journalist	canadian canadian
george_tofan	romanian from
aqeel_abbas_jafari	pakistani births
elizabeth_herbert,_baroness_herbert_of_lea	english women writers
chris_brancato	american male
myriam_francois-cerrah	living people writers
charles_corm	dutch deaths
pavel_prudnikau	people from
bryan_thao_worra	american from
c.j.stevens	american american
friedrich_huch	german deaths
hagop_oshagan	armenian deaths
boyd_clack	canadian people
ed_subitzky	american male
nancy_french	american women writers
elio_vittorini	italian male
brandon_cronenberg	year of birth missing
paul_dickson	american from
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
c.v.sreeraman	indian male
howard_norman	american of
peter_dubé	canadian male novelists
andrea_d'angelo	german births
helena_araújo	21st-century short
alain_farah	canadian canadian
eulalie_spence	american american
fran_detela	slovenian of
george_w.dick	american male
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
dave_godfrey	canadian from
montgomery_pittman	american from
frankétienne	haitian dramatists
melchior_lengyel	hungarian dramatists
günter_wallraff	german births
martin_segon	serbian of
elie_wiesel	american american
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
edith_bruck	20th-century women
david_mason_:writer	american american
martha_cecilia	living people
frederick_townsend_martin	people births
fran_levstik	slovenian deaths
david_hine	english male
george_monbiot	british of
maria_corsini	italian births
alekos_sakellarios	croatian novelists
paco_ignacio_taibo_i	mexican from
gordon_snell	english of writers
alastair_mcintosh	scottish of
myrna_dey	canadian women novelists
diana_abgar	people from
nancy_werlin	american women novelists
henry_james	american male
rachel_axler	american television birth
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
berta_ruck	20th-century women novelists
atsushi_hachisu	australian births
henry_poulaille	french deaths
paula_fox	american women novelists
alf_ahlberg	people deaths
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
baldev_mishra	telugu writers
olle_länsberg	20th-century births
barbara_faith	american women novelists
bedhab_banarasi	people of
nicola_lagioia	italian italian
phillip_sandifer	american births
carlos_noguera	venezuelan births
anselmo_suárez_y_romero	guatemalan novelists
beppe_fenoglio	italian male
margaret_mazzantini	italian births
norris_mcwhirter	people of
emily_arnold_mccully	american from
goffredo_parise	italian male
dorothy_allison	american women
peter_elliot	american male
margaret_sweatman	canadian from
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
ayako_fujitani	japanese births
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
christopher_priest_:comics	american comics
oscar_r._gómez	living writers
olha_kobylianska	ukrainian from
meletius_smotrytsky	polish deaths
per_ahlmark	swedish of
chintapalli_ramana	indian of birth
hilja_haapala	20th-century women
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
maria_jacquemetton	american television writers
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
ook_chung	canadian people
owen_kildare	american american novelists
dick_clement	english educated
dmitry_grigorovich	russian russian
melissa_harris-perry	american from
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
marcelo_h.del_pilar	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
emilio_praga	italian italian
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
david_nekrutman	american people
richard_appel	american from
pietro_citati	italian italian
perihan_mağden	turkish people
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
george_dohrmann	american from
anthony_berkeley_cox	english of
bette_bao_lord	american korean of
carl_van_vechten	american from
dave_erickson	american television writers
max_benitz	english male
ned_vizzini	american american
nell_dixon	women of fiction
david_x.cohen	american television
halsted_sullivan	american television writers
randy_cohen	american of
eugie_foster	american american novelists
htin_gyi	burmese from
paul_goma	romanian essayists
meagan_mckinney	21st-century women novelists
movlud_suleymanli	living people
carlos_baker	american from
charles_gordon_:journalist	canadian canadian
mary_tate_engels	american of writers
caroline_fourest	21st-century from
giorgio_nadali	italian births
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
ashley_bryan	american from
rachel_shabi	british births
robert_a.heinlein	american from
najat_el_hachmi	spanish births
hajra_masroor	pakistani from
anna_wheeler_:author	irish women
rae_earl	english women
brenda_webster	21st-century american
margaret_larkin	american american
hiromi_kawakami	japanese births
camille_recht	german women writers
hiromi_kawakami	japanese births
d.c.fontana	american from
gustaw_przeczek	polish from
ahmed_deedat	south african
gunnar_staalesen	norwegian women novelists
ali_smith	20th-century of
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
harriette_campbell	19th-century women
baburao_bagul	marathi-language deaths
piers_brendon	british of
henry_dumas	american from
hallvard_rieber-mohn	norwegian births
alex_flinn	american women novelists
peter_hessler	american births
phil_lollar	american births
percy_janes	canadian from
bhisham_sahni	indian from
phyllis_chesler	american from
beth_meacham	american of novelists
anna_seghers	german of
coral_lansbury	australian from
nabin_chandra_bardoloi	indian from
david_mourão-ferreira	19th-century births
brian_schofield	british births
aline_valangin	swiss births
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
mary_maccarthy	20th-century women novelists
dennis_spooner	english births
ian_doescher	american american novelists
david_vern_reed	american comics
hajra_masroor	pakistani from
andrei_amalrik	russian writers
diego_odoh_okenyodo	saudi births
gustav_falke	german from
michael_a._burstein	american american short
george_william_curtis	american american
connie_willis	american american novelists
henry_avray_tipping	english deaths
rebecca_james_:author	australian children's writers
gabriela_brimmer	mexican births
alberto_arbasino	italian births
barbara_paul	american american novelists
nicole_dubuc	american television
helen_weinzweig	canadian canadian novelists
amy_thomson	american women novelists
norm_phelps	american from
michael_shulman_:writer	american male
giovanni_testori	italian male
france_herron	american age
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
arthur_frederick_jones	american of
gilles_leroy	21st-century essayists
pedro_juan_soto	american deaths
markar_melkonian	american people
chris_bartlett_:writer	british births
giles_milton	british of writers
david_icke	english of
eduard_vilde	estonian from
alexander_levitov	russian russian
filippo_buonaccorsi	italian male
geoff_ryman	21st-century male novelists
david_milch	american from
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
christabel_bielenberg	people deaths
greg_egan	australian from
michelle_izmaylov	american women novelists
margaret_halsey	american from
rick_copp	american from
melissa_harris-perry	american from
p._kalaimani	date deaths
christiane_koren	norwegian norwegian writers
michael_s.chernuchin	michael j. is is an writer writer and and
oralkhan_bokeev	people deaths
clive_barker	lgbt male
alana_i.capria	american american
christopher_matthew	people educated
edward_fox_:author	american from
antony_jay	people of
phiroz_mehta	people of
marie-jeanne_l'héritier	french women writers
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
horace_mccoy	american from
gene_levitt	american television
rita_clay_estrada	21st-century women novelists
alexander_kazantsev	russian births
akif_pirinçci	german from
helene_hanff	american women
maximilien_misson	french deaths
deviprasad_dwivedi	indian writers
miguel_de_portilla_y_esquivel	spanish births
a.h.weiler	american deaths
caroline_anderson_:writer	21st-century women novelists
ernest_thayer	american from
charlotte_link	german women
denis_thériault	canadian from
martiros_of_crimea	year of birth
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
olivier_weber	french french
masti_venkatesha_iyengar	indian writers
mehmed_kapetanović	bosnia and herzegovina
david_charles_manners	british writers
hinemoana_baker	south african
floyd_salas	american rican
paolo_tullio	irish writers
carlos_trillo	people writers
clive_coates	japanese births
geneviève_billette	canadian canadian novelists
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
pedro_montengón	valencian births
edward_ball_:american_author	american from
martin_mayer	american people writers
melina_marchetta	australian children's
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
grainne_godfree	american television writers
dahvi_waller	canadian from writers
edith_b.price	american from
alexander_goldstein_:writer	russian novelists
martin_andersen_nexø	danish births
peter_kalifornsky	american women
elie_wiesel	american american
antranig_dzarugian	armenian deaths
george_urban	people deaths
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
frederick_exley	american from
margery_sharp	english women writers
amanda_lohrey	20th-century women
elizabeth_korte	american television writers
monique_laederach	mexican from
pierre_mertens	belgian births
craig_lancaster	american male
heather_mcelhatton	american from
david_pinski	20th-century deaths
david_j.mitchell	canadian from
arthur_bernard_lewis	american television
david_sweetman	20th-century from
ghada_al-samman	syrian writers
gustavo_corção	chilean deaths
n._mohanan	indian male
paul_jennings_:australian_author	australian australian
dorothy_allison	american women
alberto_fuguet	american births
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
alice_macgowan	american american novelists
miguel_ángel_villar_pinto	spanish births
robert_harling_:writer	american male
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
andra_medea	american women writers
hubert_harrison	american of
frances_paige	21st-century women novelists
hiroko_minagawa	21st-century women writers
enrique_dussel	argentine from
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
earl_mindell	american from
brian_clegg_:writer	people of
hernando_burgos-soto	canadian from
michael_e._raynor	canadian people
craig_lancaster	american male
richard_atkyns	english births
david_x.cohen	american television
marijac	french births
ananda_chandra_agarwala	indian from
emmanuel_f.lacaba	filipino births
harry_grey	american american novelists
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
brett_borgen	norwegian women
dianne_nelson	american short
carl_fredrik_engelstad	dutch births
pedro_malón_de_chaide	spanish births
fern_shumate	american deaths
eriks_ādamsons	20th-century deaths
dan_flores	american from
christian_cooper	american of birth
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
amanda_kyle_williams	american women novelists
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
elizabeth_graver	21st-century american novelists
honobu_yonezawa	japanese short
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
pavel_řezníček	argentine births
charles_angell_bradford	british of
paul_smith_:television_writer	living births
neela_padmanabhan	indian writers
anne_sayre	american women
eberhard_melchior_:naturalist	german deaths
alexander_grin	russian male
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
matt_clark_:writer	american american short
rex_stout	american from
augusto_monterroso	guatemalan short
hermann_broch	austrian deaths
robert_d.cardona	american television
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
frederick_rolfe	english short
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
giannina_braschi	american women
honora_sneyd	british women writers
denis_gifford	british writers
go_osaka	japanese japanese
elaine_pope	american television writers
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
celeste_ng	american from of
mike_resnick	american american novelists
pinki_virani	indian from
mia_couto	20th-century short
darrell_schweitzer	american american short
ellen_meloy	american from
anna_wheeler_:author	irish women
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
gábor_görgey	hungarian from
nanae_aoyama	japanese births
elisabeth_de_mariaffi	canadian women novelists
michael_blouin_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
ana_tena	spanish women writers
palliyara_sreedharan	living people
peter_ho_davies	british of
maurice_blanchot	french male
raphaële_bidault-waddington	french people
pingali_nagendrarao	indian from
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
miguel_m._abrahão	brazilian novelists
marie_hermanson	swedish women
richard_hooker_:author	american from
richard_marsland	australian from
rie_cramer	dutch births
c.e.webber	english births
gabriele_kuby	german women writers
peter_elliot	american male
herbert_kenwith	american births
carl_amery	german male
donald_hinds	alumni of
brunello_rondi	italian male
max_tau	german deaths
ian_maxtone-graham	american television
ellen_galford	canadian of novelists
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
philippe_soupault	french french
norman_ward	canadian from
hemant_shesh	indian from
alberto_de_meneses_rodrigues	indian from
h.scott_hughes	american from
nicola_lagioia	italian italian
peter_jackson_:academic	living people
carlos_ruiz-tagle	chilean deaths
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
melanie_walsh	living women writers
mike_leigh	english male
elwyn_hartley_edwards	british births
al-saddiq_al-raddi	living births
masaki_tsuji	japanese births
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
ahmed_baba_miské	mauritanian deaths
gary_russell	english male
devan_:writer	20th-century from
anne_devlin_:writer	people of writers
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
dave_eggers	american american
emmanuel_itier	french film directors
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
andré_chevrillon	french births
francisco_gregorio_billini	dominican republic
pon_kumaran	indian film
piri_thomas	american american
mervyn_wall	irish irish
alan_woo	21st-century canadian novelists
maría_cadilla	puerto rican
pietro_citati	italian italian
glenn_kurtz	american male
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
david_j.williams	american american novelists
a.s.gnanasambandan	indian writers
nancy_garden	21st-century women writers
anne_devlin_:writer	people of writers
cassie_stocks	canadian women novelists
ernest_marwick	scottish deaths
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
raja_dhale	dalit writers
noriko_ogiwara	japanese japanese
i.marlene_king	american television
rajkumar_jhalajit_singh	indian of
andré_aciman	american american
dwayne_mcduffie	american comics
claude_bourdet	german from
dasari_subrahmanyam	indian writers
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
brenda_chapman_:writer	21st-century women novelists
paul_magrs	english science
harry_browne	american from
carlos_moore_:writer	mexican births
cleolinda_jones	american from
patricia_matthews	20th-century women novelists
mike_curtis_:writer	american comics
donald_burgett	american of
francesco_alziator	italian births
dimitry_elias_léger	american american
mat_johnson	american from
rob_lotterstein	american of writers
nedžad_ibrišimović	bosnia and
harriette_campbell	19th-century women
elizabeth_strong_worthington	american women
nina_josu	moldovan writers
arthur_bernard_lewis	american television
galad_elflandsson	canadian from
helen_kendrick_johnson	people deaths
charles_dickens	english male
cheryl_kaye_tardif	canadian women writers
a.a.gill	british of
aaron_cohen_:counterterrorist	american births
allan_sherman	american from
nancy_french	american women writers
mustafa_akyol	iranian people
frederick_rolfe	english short
ilana_mercer	canadian of
henry_herbert,_3rd_earl_of_carnarvon	english of
fedja_isović	bosnia and herzegovina
francis_birrell	irish births
michio_takeyama	japanese japanese
christianne_meneses_jacobs	american of
hryhorii_epik	ukrainian of
azar_nafisi	saudi arabian
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
fernando_sabino	brazilian novelists
paul_jennings_:australian_author	australian australian
brian_ford_sullivan	american of birth
paddy_richardson	21st-century zealand writers
gerit_quealy	american from
alekos_sakellarios	croatian novelists
michael_armstrong_:filmmaker	people births
richard_mccann	american from
aslak_dørum	norwegian births
hamlet_bareh	indian from
nellikkal_muraleedharan	indian from
fran_levstik	slovenian deaths
helen_darville	australian australian
anna_radius_zuccari	italian births
ching_he_huang	british of
c.h.sisson	english of
paul_vallely	british of
eduard_vilde	estonian from
dominick_dunne	american from
cherry_potter	year of birth
nick_toczek	british of
ihsan_abdel_quddous	burmese births
harper_allen	women women writers
aymeric_chauprade	french male
montgomery_pittman	american from
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
alexandra_levit	american births
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
melody_moezzi	american from
rich_blomquist	american television
nancy_holder	american women novelists
martha_blum	canadian women
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
amy_sterling_casil	american american short
ezra_jack_keats	american of
duane_simolke	american from
muriel_denison	canadian women novelists
barbu_ștefănescu_delavrancea	romanian from
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
reginald_hill	english of
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
andré_vianco	american of
mark_katzman	american from
han_bi-ya	american people
mohammad_sharaf-e-alam	indian writers
frank_waters	american from
gwendoline_butler	20th-century women novelists
neil_druckmann	american comics
meinolf_finke	german births
dr.seuss	american from
eshkol_nevo	israeli births
alphie_mccourt	american from
miho_mosulishvili	male births
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
carlos_baker	american from
borys_antonenko-davydovych	ukrainian deaths
alona_frankel	israeli women writers
gotlib	french births
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
asim_mahmood	pakistani births
anthony_aikman	british births
cuthbert_hamilton-ellis	people deaths
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
apuleius	2nd-century romans
angelica_garnett	english deaths
robert_aron	french deaths
alex_robinson	american from
adeline_sergeant	english women writers
hugh_howey	american american novelists
matthew_of_janow	italian births
nicholas_whittaker	living people
georgi_vladimov	russian writers
rachel_abrams	american births
marion_roach	american of birth
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
david_barr_kirtley	american american novelists
elin_wägner	swedish women
robert_clark_young	american male
mayumi_inaba	people births
paul_dini	american television writers
anita_pratap	indian women writers
martha_rofheart	american women novelists
flavio_herrera	guatemalan short
greggory_nations	american television writers
nguyễn_quảng_tuân	living people
hemley_boum	20th-century births
annie_pietri	french births
michael_conforti	american television writers
alan_mckenzie	year comics
maxime_du_camp	french french
reşat_ekrem_koçu	turkish deaths
mircea_damian	romanian romanian
charlotte_dean	american from writers
mike_leigh	english male
peter_david	american from novelists
carla_gericke	american births
carol_dunlop	canadian from
philip_pullman	english of
anita_nair	20th-century indian
breyten_breytenbach	south african
ezechiel_saad	people writers
avdo_karabegović	bosnia and
abdurrahman_sharafkandi	serbian writers
hermann_goedsche	19th-century deaths
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
arleen_paré	canadian women
bernard_assiniwi	canadian from
eric_simonson	american male
mojca_kumerdej	slovenian women
george_kashdan	american comics
charles_étienne_brasseur_de_bourbourg	french french
renate_stendhal	american births
martin_walser	german from
alan_woo	21st-century canadian novelists
clive_algar	south african
emily_cox_:puzzle_writer	american of birth
margaret_way	australian women writers
colin_j.gillespie	australian from
angela_bianchini	italian women
alexandru_hâjdeu	russian births
richard_bell_:director	living people
bill_owen_:writer_and_announcer	american male
andy_luckey	american from
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
michael_banim	irish deaths
petru_bogatu	moldovan writers
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
daniel_handler	american male
mark_bence-jones	people of
dick_king-smith	english of
harry_leslie_smith	english of
goffredo_alessandrini	italian births
martin_lings	english of
marie_ferrarella	american women novelists
michael_dibdin	british of
david_rakoff	american american
abdal_bela	pakistani births
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
mike_shepherd_:author	american american novelists
else_ury	german deaths
bill_oddie	english educated
michael_gilbert	british of
quim_barreiros	living people
richard_meredith_:author	english births
holly_nelson	canadian of
doron_medalie	israeli people
charles_dryden	american from
alfred_neumann_:writer	american from
medo_pucić	serbian deaths
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
nat_perrin	american from
richard_ballantine	american births
charles_phillip_brown	indian writers
amir_muhammad_:director	british births
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
claude_joseph_dorat	french births writers
pierre_jean_jouve	french french
nathan_burgoine	canadian canadian novelists
aleksandrs_grīns	latvian births
ferdinand_de_lanoye	french deaths
hart_hanson	american television writers
hirotada_ototake	living births
dan_brereton	american comics
moira_kirland	american television writers
geoff_thompson_:writer	british births
daedalus_howell	american from
matei_donici	moldovan births
michel_onfray	french french
richard_glatzer	american from
miha_mazzini	slovenian from
chris_kelly_:writer	american of
esther_averill	american women
mark_hentemann	american television writers
brian_hargrove	american television
darryl_ponicsan	american american novelists
peter_weiss	german from
raja_rao	indian from
phyllis_a._whitney	american women
amiri_baraka	american from
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
archie_goodwin_:comics	american age
deb_lacusta	american television writers
nicola_cornick	english of
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
adam_radwanski	canadian from
bogomir_magajna	slovenian births
gen_urobuchi	japanese births
meghan_o'rourke	american women
galsan_tschinag	people writers
miles_franklin	20th-century women writers
gene_deweese	american american novelists
brian_ruckley	scottish of
aaron_hoffman	american deaths
david_e.kelley	american television
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
andrea_heuser	german women
richard_d._ryder	british of
amy_sackville	alumni of
nancy_williams_watt	american television writers
flora_kidd	20th-century women novelists
georgi_pulevski	people deaths
angela_halgrimson	american of
chris_claremont	english births
matteo_pistono	living people
matthew_schreuder	australian from
pie_corbett	living people
dr.balakrishnan	indian film
muzaffer_i̇zgü	turkish people
anšlavs_eglītis	latvian deaths
douglas_messerli	american male novelists
berton_roueché	american from
paul_glennon	canadian canadian novelists
pat_mcintosh	year of fiction
gillian_duffy_:editor	year of birth
melissa_bradshaw	english of
hortense_calisher	american american
dmitri_prigov	russian male
randy_powell	american american novelists
daniel_quinn	american american novelists
frédéric_dieudonné	french film
caleb_crain	american of
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
froma_harrop	american women
monika_bohge	german women writers
geum_hee	south korean
mary_miller_:writer	21st-century women novelists
alexander_sheller	russian deaths
anwaar_ahmad	pakistani of
mark_hudis	american television writers
giannina_braschi	american women
morten_piil	living births
bill_prady	american television
michael_j._sullivan_:author	american american novelists
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
ellen_galford	canadian of novelists
eduard_limonov	russian male
marie_rudisill	american births
dave_dameshek	american from
annie_vivanti	italian women
amos_oz	israeli novelists
michael_ferguson_:director	british television
claudiu_teohari	romanian births
patricia_gaffney	21st-century women novelists
milo_urban	spanish writers
anthony_browne_:author	british of writers
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
feodor_gladkov	russian male
margaret_powell	english of
evelyn_waugh	english of
christopher_noxon	american births
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
elchin_afandiyev	azerbaijani writers
antón_losada_diéguez	italian writers
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
audre_lorde	american american
chuck_philips	american from
hugh_sebag-montefiore	british births
norman_corwin	american male novelists
a.igoni_barrett	21st-century short
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
henry_bond	english births
avrom_reyzen	american deaths
errol_fuller	british male
giulio_angioni	italian italian
hazem_farraj	american people
peter_brown_:illustrator	american births
francis_ryck	french male
honobu_yonezawa	japanese short
mohinder_pratap_chand	indian from
dhirubhai_thaker	indian from
arne_espeland	norwegian norwegian
cho_hae-il	south korean
adrienne_monson	american women novelists
a.r.krishnashastry	indian from
ed_brubaker	american comics
phillip_frazer	american births
giuseppe_berto	italian italian
heidi_w.durrow	american american
anne_marriott	canadian women
robert_laxalt	american american novelists
ethel_m.dell	english deaths writers
christophe_claro	french births
arthur_c.clarke	english from
brander_matthews	american from
anton_hansen_tammsaare	20th-century novelists
margaret_halsey	american from
p._d._james	english of
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
edmond_hamilton	american comics
rafael_reig	spanish people
alan_cheuse	american american short
paul_h._bruske	american deaths
g.k.govinda_rao	indian of
montague_haltrecht	english from
conrad_hyers	people deaths
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
maría_luisa_elío	spanish from
dejan_medaković	serbian from
agosti_xaho	french births
didier_leclair	canadian canadian novelists
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
nikolai_virta	russian male
amélie_nothomb	belgian births
elizabeth_thornton	20th-century women novelists
pierre_de_jarric	french male
owen_kildare	american american novelists
alexander_roda_roda	austrian deaths
hermann_goedsche	19th-century deaths
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
festus_iyayi	nigerian births
mary_maclane	canadian women
agnes_grainger_stewart	british of
milan_mirić	croatian novelists
alice_mcdermott	american women
alexis_wright	australian women
frank_waters	american from
michel_ferracci-porri	french people
narayan_sitaram_phadke	indian deaths
andrea_camilleri	italian italian
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
nileena_abraham	indian from
francisco_xavier_da_cruz	cape verdean
naoko_hayashiba	japanese japanese
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
everett_b.cole	american male short
günter_wallraff	german births
dominique_joseph_garat	french births
mikiel_anton_vassalli	people deaths
catherine_yronwode	american from
alan_campbell_:screenwriter	american from
david_harris_ebenbach	american male novelists
clive_barker	lgbt male
eric_tunney	canadian from
geeta_dharmarajan	indian women
george_william_russell	irish deaths
nikolai_karonin-petropavlovsky	russian male
michael_j._arlen	american from
frank_decaro	american from
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
richard_atkyns	english births
annamarie_jagose	21st-century women
craig_rosebraugh	american births
andrea_jutson	21st-century women novelists
hossein_mortezaeian_abkenar	iranian births
brian_attebery	american american novelists
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
dorit_rabinyan	israeli novelists
nick_stone_:author	21st-century people
elsa_triolet	russian women
robert_clark_young	american male
gwyn_thomas_:novelist	20th-century short
andy_wightman	scottish of
glenn_kurtz	american male
ariane_sherine	21st-century people writers
friedrich_märker	german from
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
nicholas_luard	people of
arun_krushnaji_kamble	indian births
gabe_hudson	american american novelists
gladys_casely-hayford	20th-century women
hart_hanson	american television writers
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
norberto_romualdez	people writers
fathia_absie	american film
chris_collins_:writer	american television writers
eleni_ourani	venezuelan births
earl_thompson_:author	american from
pamela_morsi	american women novelists
elin_wägner	swedish women
clint_morris	australian television
félix_morisseau-leroy	20th-century dramatists
francine_du_plessix_gray	american american
david_n.weiss	american from
margaret_bennett_:writer	21st-century of
gabrielle_stanton	american television writers
alicia_tindal_palmer	19th-century women writers
alex_kendrick	american male
bernice_morgan	canadian women novelists
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
nawal_el_saadawi	egyptian people
anthony_burgess	english from
bess_meredyth	american from
eoin_mcnamee	australian from
anna_jansson	swedish women
alain_leroy_locke	american from
nugroho_notosusanto	people novelists
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
mark_danner	american from
alan_campbell_:screenwriter	american from
enid_blyton	20th-century women novelists
paul_lalonde	living of birth
e.m.granger_bennett	canadian canadian novelists
abdullah_abu_sayeed	bangladeshi of
elizabeth_knox	21st-century zealand novelists
george_turner_:writer	australian science fiction
elisabeth_hauptmann	20th-century women
pavel_ivanovich_melnikov	imperial russian
apuleius	2nd-century romans
rafael_levaković	dominican deaths
elena_puw_morgan	20th-century women
barbara_leonie_picard	20th-century women writers
owen_wister	american from
amos_oz	israeli novelists
paul_rieckhoff	american from
ananda_chandra_barua	indian from
coelho_neto	brazilian deaths
al_feldstein	american from
carolyn_haywood	american children's
michèle_laframboise	canadian children's writers
gerald_mcmorrow	british film
alan_b.mcelroy	american male
elisa_hall_de_asturias	20th-century women
pete_morisi	american comics
brian_andreas	american american
barry_cryer	english educated
charlotte_delbo	20th-century women
pashko_vasa	albanian albanian
meagan_mckinney	21st-century women novelists
richard_ford_:writer	english deaths
crane_wilbur	american from
peter_gould_:writer	american television writers
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
enzo_siciliano	italian male
dave_lowry_:martial_arts	american of
hans_ehrenbaum-degele	german deaths
maxim_februari	japanese births
monica_ali	british women
gabriela_babnik	slovenian from
annie_vivanti	italian women
mato_lovrak	20th-century novelists
martin_pasko	canadian from writers
norman_lear	american from
michael_ruppert	american from
cynthia_harrod-eagles	21st-century women novelists
maryse_dubuc	canadian births
herbert_achternbusch	german german
norm_phelps	american from
c.s.lakshmi	indian indian
ela_peroci	slovenian from
greg_kasavin	american from
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
musharraf_ali_farooqi	pakistani births
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
alan_e.nourse	american american short
charles_bucke	english male
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
amos_tutuola	20th-century births
besnik_mustafaj	people male
anita_pratap	indian women writers
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
megan_williams_:author	canadian women
arthur_morrison	english english
haemi_balgassi	american of of
nathan_burrage	australian short story
ginette_anfousse	canadian women writers
charles_hamilton_:writer	british of
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
frederick_rolfe	english short
abul_bashar	indian writers
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
duncan_rouleau	year of birth
flannery_o'connor	american american
antonio_tabucchi	italian from
meridel_le_sueur	american women
peter_b._gillis	american from
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
enrique_larreta	argentine births
boudewijn_büch	dutch deaths
carlos_yushimito	peruvian short
george_mcwhirter	canadian from
qiu_jin	people births
dan_lusthaus	american of
andrew_davies_:writer	people of
mel_tolkin	american male
alison_weir	british of
carol_kalish	american from
erik_orton	american from
peter_coleman	australian of
alexander_herzen	russian russian
panio_gianopoulos	american of
alexis_de_veaux	american american
raymond_mortimer	people of
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
h.g.wells	english of
miklós_vámos	hungarian from
edward_mcwade	american male
george_anania	romanian novelists
francisco_laguna_correa	american births
christopher_matthew	people educated
achille_campanile	italian male
mike_resnick	american american novelists
candy_dawson_boyd	american from
andrea_d'angelo	german births
harve_pierre	american deaths
elizabeth_hawes_:author	year of birth
marina_ripa_di_meana	italian women
anna_sakse	chilean women
david_horowitz	american from
pepita_seth	indian writers
meredith_bagby	american births writers
hajra_masroor	pakistani from
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
francis_chalifour	canadian from
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
mark_nuckols	american of
clifford_ball	american male short
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
brenda_chapman	american film
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
george_william_curtis	american american
barbara_andrews	year of birth
gunning_s.bedford	american deaths
mark_whiting	american people
natalie_jane_prior	australian children's
pat_jordan_:author	american braves
robert_a.heinlein	american from
dan_didio	living births
august_alle	estonian deaths
alf_ahlberg	people deaths
domingo_del_monte	austrian women
milan_mirić	croatian novelists
haakon_bugge_mahrt	norwegian norwegian
n._j._crisp	english english
alvin_toffler	american from
margaret_powell	english of
maria_jacquemetton	american television writers
paul_b._preciado	lgbt writers
fernando_argenta	spanish male
brent_fletcher	american television writers
eva_norvind	norwegian women
anne_seymour,_countess_of_warwick	16th-century births
ian_penman	british births
miran_jarc	slovenian births
a.r.krishnashastry	indian from
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
alexander_prokhanov	russian writers
nikolay_haytov	people deaths
amitava_kumar	american from
per_ahlmark	swedish of
michio_takeyama	japanese japanese
patil_puttappa	indian births
palagummi_padmaraju	indian writers
rashad_haughton	american births
ed_cullen	american from
charles-louis_havas	french male
carlos_baker	american from
david_carr_:journalist	american from
francisco_domene	spanish male
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
richard_leonard	people of
peter_ling	english births
robert_hettinga	living births
hannah_more	english women
miguel_syjuco	living people
michelle_mclean	living universe
beau_smith	american comics
ali_smith	20th-century of
p-p_hartnett	21st-century short
dmitri_prigov	russian male
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
gary_shteyngart	american writers
fernando_sabino	brazilian novelists
fernando_ponce_de_león	brazilian novelists
aravind_adiga	20th-century births
phyllis_chesler	american from
ewa_siemaszko	people of
marco_mazzi	marc s. is is a american writer and
estela_canto	argentine women
peter_rabe	american american novelists
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
andrej_e.skubic	slovenian from
ernest_kinoy	american from
aravind_adiga	20th-century births
matthew_randazzo_v	american births
robert_musil	20th-century women
petar_zoranić	people births
christiane_koren	norwegian norwegian writers
andré_castelot	french male
harry_leslie_smith	english of
mate_dolenc	slovenian from
charles_sheehan-miles	american from
nabin_chandra_bardoloi	indian from
a.sheriff	indian births
mary_kay_zuravleff	american american
eyvind_johnson	swedish from
richard_arès	canadian from
ramchandra_shripad_jog	people births
nikolai_virta	russian male
amaresh_misra	telugu of birth missing
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
doug_palau	american television writers
richard_hemming	living people
paul_petit_:writer	french deaths
chi_li	people births
graham_downs	south african
mavro_vetranović	20th-century novelists
hala_misrati	australian births
danielle_walker	american women
gregg_godfrey	american television
eliza_ruhamah_scidmore	american from
meeka_walsh	canadian canadian novelists
mary_robison	american american
deborah_biancotti	australian women writers
claire_mowat	canadian women writers
antoine_rédier	french male
boris_pahor	people of
andrew_montford	british of birth
dean_wilkinson	video earle
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
faranak_margolese	american people
michèle_marineau	canadian canadian novelists
gordon_lish	american american novelists
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
harry_browne	american from
emma_maria_pearson	english deaths
imre_vallyon	people zealand
mitch_horowitz	living people
heather_graham_pozzessere	american women novelists
nathan_birnbaum	austrian deaths
carlo_fruttero	italian births
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
arnaldur_indriðason	people births
celeste_ng	american from of
adam_klein_:writer	american male
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
michel_bibaud	canadian canadian
markus_hediger	swiss from
michele_zackheim	21st-century women novelists
eric_liu	american from
dallas_woodburn	american of birth
carmen_dolores	brazilian women
r._j._ellory	english births
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
marjorie_celona	21st-century women novelists
percy_janes	canadian from
david_mourão-ferreira	19th-century births
hugh_walters_:author	english deaths
pierre_jean_jouve	french french
dhrubajyoti_bora	indian from
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
rob_lotterstein	american of writers
dmitry_bykov	russian writers
antonio_macías_del_real	year births
erich_loest	german from
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
mark_salzman	american from
djuna_barnes	american american
august_mälk	estonian deaths
caroline_healey_dall	american american
bozorg_alavi	iranian births
michael_chamberlain	australian from
mary_robison	american american
chris_brancato	american male
alessandro_ghebreigziabiher	italian male
betim_muço	albanian albanian
eudora_welty	american american
punaloor_balan	indian from
mike_carlin	american comics
millôr_fernandes	brazilian dramatists
heinz_piontek	german deaths
michael_ende	german women
don_roff	american male novelists
anthony_browne_:author	british of writers
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
michael_a._walker	living people
fraser_nixon	canadian canadian novelists
antranig_dzarugian	armenian deaths
poola_tirupati_raju	indian from
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
elizabeth_tyrwhitt	english of writers
charles_lalo	french deaths
flora_kidd	20th-century women novelists
daniil_andreyev	russian male
orson_spencer	american from
margaret_wise_brown	american women
michael_seitzman	american births
carol_kolb	american television birth
nancy_williams_watt	american television writers
donna_kossy	american women
nacio_herb_brown	american from
charles_howe_:writer	people deaths
arnie_lerma	american from
achy_obejas	american american
gary_russell	english male
mimi_leahey	american television writers
henry_thomas_mackenzie_bell	english deaths
edward_litt_laman_blanchard	english deaths
robert_olen_butler	american american
dick_matena	living births
eldridge_cleaver	american from
hans-otto_meissner	german deaths
mohammad-reza_mahdavi_kani	people from
alexander_kazantsev	russian births
ananda_chandra_agarwala	indian from
ikram_akhtar	indian film directors
michael_rowe	american television writers
furman_bisher	american from
otto_manninen	people births
francesco_albergati_capacelli	italian italian
cezaro_rossetti	scottish of
paul_levinson	american american
eliette_abécassis	french women writers
garnet_walch	australian deaths
michael_nugent	irish people
collin_wilcox_:writer	american american novelists
ian_mclachlan_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
alice_bailey	english deaths
pacho_o'donnell	argentine births
pandit_narendra_sharma	indian from
marsha_canham	canadian women writers
matt_de_la_peña	american of novelists
mark_simmons_:author	year of birth
heinz_liepmann	german deaths
gotlib	french births
aquiles_nazoa	venezuelan from
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
pierre_béarn	french french
michael_scarce	american of
nicholas_sparks	american american
owen_wister	american from
edith_pattou	american women novelists
maxence_caron	french french
alice_sebold	21st-century women
damon_young_:writer	american of
anjum_anand	british of
doron_medalie	israeli people
doug_levitt	american births
nam_jung-hyun	living people
alekos_sakellarios	croatian novelists
don_brinkley	american television
alan_b.mcelroy	american male
ally_condie	american women novelists
margaret_bakkes	south african writers
april_blair	american television writers
delwar_hussain	alumni of
andrei_vartic	moldovan writers
majda_koren	malaysian chudamani is a a writer writer and
gabriele_kuby	german women writers
heidi_macdonald	american of birth
norman_borisoff	american male novelists
nevin_halıcı	living people birth
alexander_chee	american of novelists
gonzalo_suárez	spanish male
nugroho_notosusanto	people novelists
aidan_higgins	irish short
eliza_robertson	21st-century women short
eleanor_millard	canadian canadian short
dale_carnegie	american from
balakumaran	indian indian
horace_kephart	american deaths
rashid_askari	bangladeshi people
anthony_eaton	australian australian novelists
florida_friebus	american from
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
mykola_kulish	ukrainian from
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
carlos_dews	american from
arthur_upfield	20th-century from
carol_hughes_:author	american women writers
akif_pirinçci	german from
huang_yi_:author	hong kong
else_ury	german deaths
bruno_podalydès	french male
hubert_haas	belgian deaths
paul_marsden	british of
harald_parigger	german women writers
robert_gottlieb	american from
galsan_tschinag	people writers
monika_van_paemel	belgian women
adam_nevill	english births
debbie_barham	english educated
elchin_afandiyev	azerbaijani writers
dževad_karahasan	bosnia and
pryse_lockhart_gordon	british of
pietro_di_donato	american from
mary_somerville	19th-century women
ante_kovačić	people deaths
daniel_lipman	american of birth
harold_bell_wright	american from
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
ardath_mayhar	american american novelists
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
richard_b._spencer	american from
alan_wrigley	australian of
greg_daniels	american television
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
breyten_breytenbach	south african
agnes_strickland	19th-century women
anar_rzayev	azerbaijani azerbaijani
mark_ames	american births
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
helena_cobban	british of
casey_plett	canadian canadian
alisa_kwitney	american women novelists
colum_mccann	american from
patricia_wentworth	20th-century women novelists
dorothy_m.cray	20th-century romantic fiction
neville_cardus	english of
herbert_achternbusch	german german
nick_davis_:television_and_movie_producer	american television writers
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
danny_baker	english educated
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
douglas_anthony_cooper	canadian canadian novelists
mihkel_raud	living births
bret_hart	canadian from
peter_kalifornsky	american women
rajiv_rai	indian film
maria_corsini	italian births
dj_hazard_:comedian	american male
devon_shepard	american television writers
damon_lindelof	american television
eudora_welty	american american
minfong_ho	living people
everett_b.cole	american male short
hagop_oshagan	armenian deaths
phil_klay	american from
charles_watts_:secularist	english births
chris_kelly_:writer	american of
colin_j.gillespie	australian from
cassie_stocks	canadian women novelists
margaret_randall	american from
harry_l.symons	canadian canadian novelists
chris_scott_:writer	canadian from
graham_sleight	english science fiction
mark_aldanov	russian male
conrad_rooks	american male
mary_louisa_molesworth	19th-century women
alexander_faulkner_shand	english of
banarsidas_chaturvedi	indian writers
ethel_m.dell	english deaths writers
betty_roland	australian women
colum_mccann	american from
david_mason_:writer	american american
rachakonda_viswanatha_sastry	indian from
georgi_pulevski	people deaths
p._balachandran	indian male
charles_fort	american american
manuel_toharia	marc j. is is an writer writer and and
charles_perez	american from
antonio_tabucchi	italian from
b.m.suhara	20th-century women
michael_blumlein	american american novelists
massimo_carlotto	italian births
anna_jansson	swedish women
melissa_plaut	american of is
catherine_millet	french women
adwaita_mallabarman	people writers
octavio_cordero_palacios_:writer	ecuadorian novelists
eve_bunting	australian women writers
dorothy_m.cray	20th-century romantic fiction
dan_shaughnessy	american from
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
harriet_a.washington	american of birth
raditya_dika	living births
angeliki_palli	italian italian
aaron_hoffman	american deaths
harry_hodgkinson_:writer	english of
homen_borgohain	indian from
rafael_barrett	paraguayan deaths
maria_kuncewiczowa	people births
peter_grimwade	british television
adam_james_dalton	21st-century of writers
ramo_nakajima	japanese japanese
ernest_kinoy	american from
dan_vyleta	canadian from
robert_h.abel	american american short
david_garnett	20th-century short
ernest_delahaye	french french
ned_vizzini	american american
rachel_qitsualik-tinsley	canadian women writers
olivier_rolin	french french
ali_smith	20th-century of
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
rituparna_basu	living from
christopher_story	british of
grant_allen	canadian from
mikhail_albov	russian russian
petre_popa	living people
allen_barnett_:writer	american from
daniel_ivin	croatian births
giammaria_mazzucchelli	italian deaths
gabrielle_lord	australian women
qustaki_al-himsi	ottoman deaths
cleve_cartmill	american american novelists
hermann_hager	german births
anna_de_noailles	french french
monica_mary_gardner	english deaths
dave_eggers	american american
ernest_kinoy	american from
enid_blyton	20th-century women novelists
michael_neale	american people
nawal_el_saadawi	egyptian people
arnold_bennett	english male
ann_grocott	australian women
navid_kermani	living births
elieshi_lema	american people
beatrice_hammer	french women writers
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
arthur_findlay	people deaths
bryan_edgar_wallace	british births
catherine_turney	american deaths
robert_l.fish	american american novelists
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
frank_roche	american bloggers
harold_rosenberg	american from
giancarlo_magalli	italian births
george_jonas	canadian from
dan_gutman	american from
pål_johan_karlsen	people births
mieko_kawakami	living births
nene_gare	australian women
efraim_medina_reyes	colombian short
dale_evans	american from
patricia_pearson	canadian people
claude_mckay	people people
natalya_baranskaya	russian short
masoumeh_abad	iranian of
mildred_d.taylor	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
barbara_branden	canadian from
frieda_friedman	american children's
barton_paul_levenson	american american short
ben_stein	american male
ari_berk	american american novelists
robert_rimmer	american from
nelson_ikon_wu	sri lankan
mark_mills_:writer	british of
per_ahlmark	swedish of
george_mogridge_:old_humphrey	english english
martin_walser	german from
alexander_frater	australian births
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
greg_critser	american of birth
allan_chappelow	people of
robert_poulet	belgian births
georg_heym	german german
maxence_caron	french french
renee_roszel	21st-century women novelists
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
felipe_mellizo	spanish male
bill_coffin	american from
peary_chand_mitra	bengali writers
carlo_grande_:writer	italian births writers
delwar_hussain	alumni of
adam_klein_:writer	american male
chen_maiping	20th-century short
adam_small_:writer	afrikaans-language of
franz_kafka	austrian births
go_osaka	japanese japanese
alishetty_prabhakar	indian deaths
cathi_bond	canadian women novelists
george_ade	american american
carl_potts	american comics
diana_morgan_:writer	year of birth missing
azariah_southworth	american from
galsan_tschinag	people writers
martti_larni	finnish births
alberto_arbasino	italian births
grazia_deledda	italian women
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
quentin_lee	canadian from
františek_čelakovský	19th-century deaths
claudia_dey	21st-century women novelists
david_baillie_:comics	british of
mons_lie_:writer	20th-century short
clive_barker	lgbt male
anna_fienberg	australian children's writers
anthony_burgess	english from
georges_cogniot	french deaths
apostolos_doxiadis	greek births
estela_canto	argentine women
ray_kolle	australian of birth
richard_rive	20th-century african
carl_amery	german male
adele_megann	21st-century women short
dan_vyleta	canadian from
mathilde_schjøtt	norwegian norwegian
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
ephraim_chambers	people births
rob_roberge	year of birth
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
d.j.machale	american television writers
africanus_horton	people births
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
charles_a.williams_iii	american from
francis_x.king	place of birth missing
michael_collins_piper	american from
dwight_macdonald	american from
berton_roueché	american from
henry_james	american male
daniel_nester	american from
bob_ellis	australian from
margaret_maddocks	20th-century women novelists
bettina_von_arnim	german deaths
francisco_de_moraes	year births
mike_friedrich	american comics
elizabeth_graver	21st-century american novelists
charmian_london	american from
ram_punjwani	indian from
anatoly_kuznetsov	russian writers
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
ida_baccini	italian women writers
mike_smithson_:politics	people of
e.s.madima	new madima is
anna_wheeler_:author	irish women
reinhold_weege	american television
michael_collins_piper	american from
ian_watson_:author	people of novelists
bruce_cassiday	american births
morag_joss	21st-century women writers
michael_lesy	american births
michael_vatikiotis	american from
pedro_balmaceda	ecuadorian deaths
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
ed_brubaker	american comics
paul_collins_:musician	american births
mateo_frazier	american births
anton_funtek	slovenian from
angeliki_palli	italian italian
michael_gilbert	british of
beatríz_peniche_barrera	mexican women writers
chantal_thomas	french women writers
randolph_stow	australian australian
cezaro_rossetti	scottish of
ester_wier	american women
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
boris_savinkov	russian writers
dan_vebber	american television writers
agnes_strickland	19th-century women
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
evan_lavender-smith	american american
rebecca_solnit	american women
mary_hazelton_blanchard_wade	american from
renji_panicker	indian film
matilda_hays	19th-century women
françois_antoine_de_boissy_d'anglas	french deaths
eve_bunting	australian women writers
philip_walsingham_sergeant	english births
gudrun_pausewang	german women writers
mary_lee_settle	american american
graham_linehan	irish births
nicky_moey	singaporean people
melanie_guile	australian children's
mike_grell	american comics
nikša_gradi	serbian writers
ahmed_muradbegović	bosnia and
abdul_rahim_dard	malaysian deaths was
ellen_davitt	australian women
ida_hegazi_høyer	norwegian norwegian writers
david_mcrobbie	australian from
alfred_andersch	german of
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
ayako_fujitani	japanese births
hal_block	american from
matthew_tree	english births
heinz_politzer	american jews
randolph_stow	australian australian
bagrat_ulubabyan	people deaths
gerit_quealy	american from
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
octavio_paz	mexican women
desmond_hogan	irish short
patrice_evans	american bloggers
dale_carnegie	american from
anup_singh_choudry	bangladeshi of
christina_crawford	american women writers
michèle_laframboise	canadian children's writers
aranka_siegal	american women
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
maria_zhukova	russian russian
peadar_toner_mac_fhionnlaoich	people deaths
aaron_elkins	american american novelists
rex_stout	american from
audre_lorde	american american
david_eick	american of birth
mate_dolenc	slovenian from
denis_norden	english male
ali_smith	20th-century of
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
mark_pryor_:author	american from
muhsin_al-ramli	iranian people
nguyen_quang_lap	turkish births
david_chase	american television
george_macovescu	romanian from
božena_němcová	austrian women
richard_levinson	american television
donald_cotton	british births
michel_ocelot	french births
howard_norman	american of
radhika_herzberger	indian writers
cheon_un-yeong	south korean
morgan_o'neill	australian births
alexander_yashin	ukrainian deaths
daniel_hahn	british of
marion_halligan	australian women writers
arnold_haultain	scottish births
arthur_richman	american from
hedwig_courths-mahler	20th-century women writers
alexander_chalmers	british writers
charity_waciuma	20th-century women
michael_jecks	21st-century women novelists
andré-paul_duchâteau	belgian births
deric_longden	english deaths
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
adam_elliot	australian births
nikolai_naumov	russian male
marie_rutkoski	american from
branka_jurca	slovenian from
richard_hooker_:author	american from
eugene_george_key	american american novelists
dan_wickline	american from
marie_fox	people deaths
nicolas_deschamps_:writer	french deaths
raja_dhale	dalit writers
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
om_prakash_valmiki	people births
paula_pell	american television writers
george_wheeler_hinman	american from
hélène_vachon	canadian canadian
ian_casocot	people births
hervé_bazin	french french
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
nabin_chandra_bardoloi	indian from
a.k.chettiar	indian births
angela_bianchini	italian women
barbara_delinsky	21st-century women novelists
omar_kureishi	pakistani of
richard_calder_:writer	21st-century short
dr.balakrishnan	indian film
brian_payton	american american novelists
alexandre_del_valle	french people
giulio_angioni	italian italian
ann_major	american women novelists
candice_millard	american of
panagiotis_kondylis	20th-century writers
fabio_fiallo	dominican republic
michael_o'donoghue	american male
aline_valangin	swiss births
gunvor_hofmo	norwegian women writers
cesare_sterbini	italian italian
norm_phelps	american from
olav_nordrå	norwegian norwegian
pere_calders	20th-century novelists
alexander_faulkner_shand	english of
angeliki_palli	italian italian
marina_ripa_di_meana	italian women
nikita_larionov	chuvash deaths
daniel_handler	american male
mohammed_hasan_alwan	living people
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
maria_doolaeghe	german births
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
maría_de_los_ángeles_errisúriz	people births
damian_barr	people of
claude_bessy_:writer	french male
dorothy_sterling	american women
gustaw_przeczek	polish from
charles_alden_seltzer	american american novelists
meliza_bañales	american women
amos_oz	israeli novelists
bolwar_mahammad_kunhi	indian male
gerald_vizenor	american american
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
alexander_neverov	russian male
paul_dobransky	living people
han_kang	people women
monique_laederach	mexican from
alfred_jarry	french french
antonio_ros_de_olano	polish births
miklós_haraszti	slovenian births
emilio_salgari	italian male
claudia_roth_pierpont	american american
charlotte_delbo	20th-century women
margaret_yorke	20th-century births novelists
dolores_alexander	american from
octavio_paz	mexican women
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
maxim_kalashnikov	russian births
pattathuvila_karunakaran	20th-century male
bruce_cassiday	american births
herman_rosenblat	american deaths
adolf_muschg	german from
david_j.williams	american american novelists
benjamin_zephaniah	english births
allister_sparks	south african
maude_robinson	maude deaths
edward_bruce_hamley	english mps
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
ali_aliu	people births
rebecca_eisenberg	american university
mildred_noble	american women
muthoni_likimani	mexican women
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
anita_pratap	indian women writers
carla_walschap	belgian from
mehdi_khalaji	iranian births
dušan_šarotar	slovenian from
edward_robinson_:curator	american of
danny_danko	american male
michael_robotham	australian births
monica_edwards	20th-century women writers
donna_mcfarlane	canadian canadian novelists
ignace_lepp	french deaths
melinda_tankard_reist	australian people
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
peter_morgan	english of
guy_de_maupassant	french french
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
norman_ward	canadian from
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
nikolay_breshko-breshkovsky	russian russian
marisha_pessl	21st-century american novelists
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
aline_valangin	swiss births
arthur_golden	american from
ghulam_sarwar	bangladeshi of
andy_croft	british births
carl_wilhelm_böttiger	swedish swedish
mike_w._barr	american comics
akif_pirinçci	german from
belo_cipriani	american american
cecilio_acosta	venezuelan deaths
mary_elizabeth_hawker	19th-century women
carole_mortimer	20th-century romantic fiction
chandra_kumar_agarwala	asom from
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
erik_diesen	norwegian from
parke_godwin	american american short
chris_downey	american television writers
eustace_budgell	english deaths
robert_j.sawyer	canadian from
marie_joseph	20th-century romantic novelists
arkady_arkanov	people of
marguerite_poland	south african
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
františek_čelakovský	19th-century deaths
arcady_aris	chuvash births
mary_renault	20th-century from
barbara_anderson_:writer	20th-century zealand zealand
chitti_:writer	indian writers
dan_o'neill_:writer	american from
melinda_tankard_reist	australian people
peter_tennant	english births
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
bhudev_mukhopadhyay	bengali from
antonio_ungar	slovenian births
palizzolo_gravina	italian births
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
massimo_del_pizzo	living of fiction
pravrajika_vrajaprana	american women writers
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
andrei_lupan	moldovan writers
max_allan_collins	american american novelists
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
dick_king-smith	english of
albert_ghica	people births
patrick_califia	american from
richard_edmonds_:scientist	people births
peter_coleman	australian of
betty_friedan	american american
darril_fosty	canadian of
alba_de_céspedes_y_bertini	20th-century women
george_lockhart_:politician	people of
harold_rosenberg	american from
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
dhimitër_xhuvani	albanian male
nuray_lale	living women
edith_ellis	english women
fenton_johnson	american american
david_j.bradley	american from
monica_arac_de_nyeko	ugandan women
e.c.myers	american american novelists
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
marv_wolfman	american comics
baldev_mishra	telugu writers
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
māra_zālīte	living births
alexander_belyaev	russian deaths
curt_gentry	american from
charles_willeford	american from
hector_charlesworth	people deaths
rebecca_james_:author	australian children's writers
alexandr_aksakov	imperial russian
rajaa_al-sanea	living people
george_jonas	canadian from
clay_fulks	american deaths
deb_caletti	21st-century women novelists
adam_muto	american television
david_chase	american television
nils-aslak_valkeapää	20th-century women
elías_pino_iturrieta	people births
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
garson_kanin	american male novelists
angela_pulvirenti	australian television birth
claw_money	american from
pier_antonio_quarantotti_gambini	italian italian
paul_reboux	french male
robert_elms	english births
eric_marcus	american from
eve_zaremba	canadian women
gordon_stewart_anderson	canadian from
caridad_bravo_adams	mexican women writers
antónio_gonçalves_de_bandarra	portuguese births
alan_cheuse	american american short
eugie_foster	american american novelists
emma_richmond	year of birth
iain_morris	english births
amelia_e.johnson	american women novelists
peter_weiss	german from
alicia_tindal_palmer	19th-century women writers
caroline_leakey	english women
david_bergman_:american_writer	american male
michael_armstrong_:filmmaker	people births
mavro_vetranović	20th-century novelists
anna_vertua_gentile	italian births
ngan_xuyen	spanish births
paul_vallely	british of
farley_mowat	canadian from
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
alison_goodman	20th-century women writers
david_carr_:journalist	american from
robert_gottlieb	american from
anne_degrace	21st-century women writers
anšlavs_eglītis	latvian deaths
mary_somerville	19th-century women
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
david_mcrobbie	australian from
bill_lee_:author	american from
imre_vallyon	people zealand
howard_w.bergerson	american from
david_sheffield	american television
claudia_dey	21st-century women novelists
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
catherine_turney	american deaths
alfred_gissing	english of
dbc_pierre	australian from
craig_lancaster	american male
florjan_lipuš	slovenian from
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
mark_budz	american american novelists
alexandre_del_valle	french people
mary_renault	20th-century from
nilmoni_phukan_:senior	asom from
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
mick_jackson_:author	english births
mark_shand	people of
ilana_mercer	canadian of
alfred_neumann_:writer	american from
mike_albo	american from
nicholas_sparks	american american
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
dmytro_dontsov	ukrainian deaths
emily_arnold_mccully	american from
māra_zālīte	living births
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
dj_hazard_:comedian	american male
pat_condell	english educated
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
anjum_anand	british of
richard_cobbold	english deaths
anthony_swofford	american from
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
gerald_vizenor	american american
george_chigas	american american
angelica_garnett	english deaths
mike_edison	american of
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
ramon_saizarbitoria	living people
chris_lang	english male
austin_hall_:writer	american american short
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
melissa_panarello	italian people
annie_groovie	canadian from
norman_ward	canadian from
arthur_morrison	english english
petru_bogatu	moldovan writers
david_fisher_:writer	british births
adalbert_stifter	german german
annette_lapointe	canadian women
guy_hocquenghem	french french
margaret_bennett_:writer	21st-century of
per_roger_lauritzen	living births
peter_kosminsky	english male
robert_borden_:tv_producer	american television
philippe_de_commines	french male
clive_algar	south african
derek_kirk_kim	american from
diane_carey	american women novelists
federico_andahazi	argentine argentine
persimmon_blackbridge	canadian women
marieke_hardy	australian births
eric_liu	american from
francine_noël	canadian women novelists
athénaïs_michelet	french women
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
raffaele_la_capria	italian italian
charles_bock	american from
abdurrahman_sharafkandi	serbian writers
michael_mclaverty	irish irish
edwin_charles_tubb	20th-century births novelists
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
aziz_nesin	turkish births
dim_zupan	slovenian from
eugène_mouton	french male
penny_jordan	20th-century women novelists
bruno_schulz	polish male
marina_ripa_di_meana	italian women
dominique_joseph_garat	french births
robert_poulet	belgian births
charlotte_vale_allen	canadian women novelists
achy_obejas	american american
eldridge_cleaver	american from
camille_lemonnier	belgian deaths
homer_eon_flint	american american short
ferdo_godina	slovenian births
nikolai_uspensky	russian russian
monique_watteau	20th-century women writers
rajko_perušek	slovenian writers
abul_fazal_:writer	bengali births
bjørnstjerne_bjørnson	norwegian norwegian
patrea_smallacombe	australian women writers
evan_fallenberg	american american
alexander_herzen	russian russian
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
mbongeni_ngema	south births
farley_mowat	canadian from
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
dahlia_lithwick	canadian of birth
daniel_handler	american male
birendra_kumar_bhattacharya	indian from
richard_marsland	australian from
dominick_dunne	american from
dimosthenis_kourtovik	greek births
andrey_dashkov	people of
malorie_blackman	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
peter_kosminsky	english male
christine_harris_:author	australian women writers
charles_corm	dutch deaths
bernice_morgan	canadian women novelists
colin_clark_:filmmaker	english of
fredrik_bajer	people deaths
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
diana_rowland	american women novelists
devin_k.grayson	american comics
oh_kyu-won	south korean
david_small	american from
hubert_crackanthorpe	english short
annie_hall_cudlip	english women writers
elisabeth_augustin	20th-century women
alissa_quart	21st-century women
dorit_rabinyan	israeli novelists
anna_seghers	german of
pietro_di_donato	american from
phyllis_bennis	living people
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
alvin_schwartz_:comics	american comics
alenka_rebula_tuta	slovenian from
gabriel_benoist	french deaths
philip_rees	living children's
panas_myrny	ukrainian male
charles_stross	english science fiction
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
elliot_caplin	american births
huang_yi_:author	hong kong
dudu_aharon	israeli people
eleanor_updale	british of
marilyn_jaye_lewis	american births
consuelo_de_sánchez_latour	20th-century women
adam_kazimierz_czartoryski	recipients of the
cherith_baldry	21st-century women novelists
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
brett_borgen	norwegian women
dr.balakrishnan	indian film
eva_emery_dye	american american
al_hewetson	canadian from
duane_simolke	american from
e.m.ashraf	indian from kerala
dan_michel_of_northgate	english deaths
edward_s.aarons	american american novelists
hagop_baronian	armenian deaths
monica_ali	british women
fathia_absie	american film
gwendoline_butler	20th-century women novelists
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
adam_resnick	american television writers
nate_jackson	living births
david_a.kaplan	american of
carla_speed_mcneil	year of birth
david_j.schwartz_:motivational_writer	american of
robert_cohen_:writer	canadian of
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
benudhar_sharma	indian from
boaz_lavie	people lavie
alexander_kanengoni	british deaths
alison_schapker	american television birth
anuradha_ramanan	20th-century women
gemma_files	canadian from writers
ni_ko_ye	burmese writers
hank_pellissier	american of writers
charles_dunster	english deaths
ramon_saizarbitoria	living people
david_albahari	serbian novelists
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
gerald_ganglbauer	people of
iain_sinclair	alumni of
mullapudi_venkata_ramana	indian writers
elizabeth_cobbold	19th-century women
bal_samant	indian writers
henry_naylor	english male
emerenz_meier	19th-century women
oskar_luts	20th-century novelists
curt_goetz	german male
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
frank_bartleman	american births
francesco_falconi	italian births
david_mcsavage	british of
penny_petrone	canadian of
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
alexander_prokhanov	russian writers
hovhannes_tumanyan	armenian armenian
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
bishwanath_ghosh	indian from
al-jahiz	people deaths
corsino_fortes	cape verdean
evelyn_m.richardson	canadian women novelists
ian_watson_:author	people of novelists
risto_ahti	mexican writers
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
matt_warburton	american television
peter_demant	russian male
fyodor_berezin	people of
daven_michaels	american of birth
e.b.white	american from
cleo_odzer	american births
mykola_khvylovy	ukrainian deaths
andrey_dikiy	russian russian
mariusz_kotowski	living people
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
charmian_london	american from
ha_seong-ran	south korean
clifford_bax	english from
paul_groussac	french deaths
margaret_roper	english women
marion_halligan	australian women writers
michel_lawrence	living people
holly_nelson	canadian of
gudrun_pausewang	german women writers
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
margaret_geddes	australian births
aditi_phadnis	indian writers
ezechiel_saad	people writers
elizabeth_laime	american from
patrick_süskind	german women
gail_z.martin	american women novelists
eliza_clark_:author	canadian women writers
pavel_yakushkin	russian writers
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
mohammed_naseehu_ali	american from
ahmed_muradbegović	bosnia and
devananda_bharali	20th-century from
amélie_nothomb	belgian births
brent_budowsky	american from
hector_malot	19th-century deaths
gunvor_hofmo	norwegian women writers
nobuo_kojima	south births
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
natabar_samantaray	indian from
nahum_benari	israeli jews
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
amrita_pritam	indian from
robert_spencer_carr	american american short
matthew_yglesias	american people
miguel_syjuco	living people
alan_cheuse	american american short
rex_stout	american from
christopher_lukas	american television
mary_melfi	canadian women novelists
donna_mcfarlane	canadian canadian novelists
melissa_holbrook_pierson	american people
frank_lupo	american television writers
grant_allen	canadian from
adolf_fierla	polish from
merch_bradt_stewart	american from
heinz_politzer	american jews
helene_hanff	american women
camilla_läckberg	21st-century women
amina_mama	21st-century of
charles_newman_:author	american from
a.r.krishnashastry	indian from
e.r.frank	american of writers
brandon_friedman	american from
ali_smith	20th-century of
aaron_ehasz	american television writers
bergljot_hobæk_haff	20th-century women writers
bernard_etxepare	year of
robert_bausch	21st-century american novelists
paddy_richardson	21st-century zealand writers
felicia_bond	american women
melinda_tankard_reist	australian people
david_blatner	american births
danielle_walker	american women
mehdi_halıcı	turkish births
george_tabori	people from
georges_lagrange	french french
guy_gavriel_kay	canadian from
maura_murphy	irish deaths
gretel_ehrlich	american american
rachel_lebowitz	canadian women
paul_reed_:writer	american american
don_l.johnson	american from
anica_savić_rebac	serbian deaths
richard_strange	english male
danny_zuker	american television writers
achy_obejas	american american
min_lu	burmese writers
preah_botumthera_som	cambodian deaths
riadh_sidaoui	living people
dalia_sofer	american of
henry_jones_:writer	english births
brian_hargrove	american television
atsuko_asano_:writer	japanese births
david_alan_grier_:writer	american of birth
monica_ali	british women
c.v.sreeraman	indian male
n._khelchandra_singh	indian from
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
andré_aciman	american american
carla_desantis_black	american from
helene_voigt-diederichs	20th-century women
erik_diesen	norwegian from
benedict_kiely	irish irish
flannery_o'connor	american american
dahlia_lithwick	canadian of birth
brian_clevinger	american comics
deborah_hopkinson	american children's
rachapalem_chandrasekhara_reddy	living writers
maria_elizabetha_jacson	19th-century women writers
riichiro_inagaki	living people
maria_rosseels	belgian belgian
eddie_braben	english educated
nina_berberova	russian russian
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
claude_bessy_:writer	french male
arjun_basu	canadian canadian novelists
pat_jordan_:author	american braves
christine_feehan	american women novelists
noel_loomis	american from
miguel_otero_silva	20th-century from
alexis_wright	australian women
claude_bessy_:writer	french male
david_l.hough	american of
mikhail_samarsky	russian births
gerald_brenan	british of
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
alicia_sheridan_lefanu	19th-century women
park_wansuh	south korean
friedrich_de_la_motte_fouqué	german births
amina_mama	21st-century of
michael_krogmann	american people
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
pepita_seth	indian writers
nina_burleigh	american of
antonino_mango_di_casalgerardo	italian male
francesco_alziator	italian births
pedro_sotillo	venezuelan deaths
blair_mastbaum	lgbt american
baird_t.spalding	american births
flavio_herrera	guatemalan short
brian_cleeve	irish from
howard_norman	american of
henry_miller	american from
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
cass_pennant	english male
gudrun_pausewang	german women writers
edgar_allan_poe	american american
rhianna_pratchett	english people
michael_o'donoghue	american male
dan_goor	american television
gail_giles	american of birth
nina_berberova	russian russian
margaret_landon	american from
ashley_rindsberg	american male
george_woodcock	canadian from
rick_cleveland	american television writers
martyn_park	australian births
hector_cantú	american comics
hans_jæger	norwegian deaths
peter_wells_:filmmaker	new of
gail_simmons	canadian from
martha_stephens	american film
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
benedict_allen	english of
harry_peyton_steger	american deaths
harry_lawton	american from
charlie_kadau	american male
halldór_laxness	people deaths
paddy_richardson	21st-century zealand writers
david_a.goodman	american television writers
brendan_o'carroll	irish from
peter_nichols	english male
desa_muck	slovenian from
andrás_szántó	people births
paula_gosling	21st-century women novelists
chris_campanioni	mexican births
arturo_lanocita	italian births
melanmai_ponnusamy	indian writers
paul_dobransky	living people
rita_mae_brown	american american
audrey_niffenegger	21st-century women
marnix_gijsen	flemish from
hortense_calisher	american american
augusten_burroughs	lgbt from
barry_webster_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
mary_craig_sinclair	people deaths
michael_costigan_:writer	australian births
boleslav_markevich	russian male
ernest_hillen	canadian canadian
fredrik_bajer	people deaths
hélé_béji	filipino births
george_monbiot	british of
elin_wägner	swedish women
barbara_faith	american women novelists
peter_david	american from novelists
catherine_gasquoine_hartley	people births
beatríz_peniche_barrera	mexican women writers
brigitte_reimann	german women writers
nodar_dumbadze	20th-century novelists
edith_bruck	20th-century women
mohammad_mokhtari_:writer	iranian from
mary_robison	american american
peter_wells_:filmmaker	new of
daniel_lyons	american people
marion_chesney	21st-century women fiction
beth_meacham	american of novelists
robert_h.abel	american american short
neil_druckmann	american comics
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
david_goldschmid	american television writers
gladys_casely-hayford	20th-century women
may_cutler	canadian women
mary_turzillo	21st-century american novelists
david_metzenthen	australian from
faranak_margolese	american people
ng_yi-sheng	singaporean people
michel_ocelot	french births
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
ellen_anne_hewett	people births
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
rick_kennett	australian people
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
pierre_nothomb	belgian from
michael_lawrence_:writer	living of
arthur_frommer	american from
milo_dor	austrian male
rian_johnson	american television
gunnel_vallquist	swedish swedish
hutton_gibson	american from
peter_laird	american comics
norm_phelps	american from
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
branka_jurca	slovenian from
matthew_tree	english births
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
alexander_mazin	russian births
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
phakirappa_gurubasappa_halakatti	people writers
pavle_julinac	serbian of
alessandro_ghebreigziabiher	italian male
david_anthony_kraft	american comics
ehsan_masood	british of
elspeth_cameron	canadian from
abbas_el-zein	japanese births
brian_glanville	english births
charles_logan_:author	british births
oksana_marafioti	american people
constantin_stamati	people from
agosti_xaho	french births
f.digby_hardy	people of
annabelle_white	new zealand writers
betty_friedan	american american
paul_s._dunkin	american from
athénaïs_michelet	french women
dan_mishkin	american of writers
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
henry_miller	american from
maureen_medved	21st-century women novelists
cecilio_acosta	venezuelan deaths
alison_hume	year women writers
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
muallim_naci	people deaths
barbara_hemphill	irish women
alekos_sakellarios	croatian novelists
conrad_aiken	american american
neil_innes	english births
candy_dawson_boyd	american from
hilary_bell_:writer	australian births
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
algernon_blackwood	english of
patricia_st._john	english deaths
bruce_c.mckenna	american television
dan_flores	american from
glenn_kurtz	american male
alexis_wright	australian women
robert_m.pirsig	american from
alphonse_rabbe	french deaths
helena_cobban	british of
paul_elie	living people
nadia_wheatley	australian women
david_e.kelley	american television
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
amiri_baraka	american from
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
felicitas_hoppe	german women writers
gail_simmons	canadian from
deborah_moggach	21st-century women novelists
robert_faesi	swiss births
barbara_hall_:tv_producer	american women writers
paul_chaplin	american television writers
claudio_sanchez	american births
henri_nathansen	male male
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
david_mourão-ferreira	19th-century births
mark_hudis	american television writers
andreas_ramos	american births
berta_bojetu	slovenian from
henry_theodore_tuckerman	american american
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
andrew_murray_:minister	dutch deaths
barbara_euphan_todd	english deaths
n._mohanan	indian male
bruno_bernard_:writer	belgian births
banarsidas_chaturvedi	indian writers
mary_stolz	american women novelists
dragomir_brajković	serbian from
aaron_cohen_:counterterrorist	american births
buck_peterson	american of birth
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
denys_val_baker	english of
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
dominique_fernandez	french french
robert_kanigher	american comics
nikolai_karonin-petropavlovsky	russian male
hal_higdon	american from
margaret_bennett_:writer	21st-century of
enid_blyton	20th-century women novelists
henry_clark_barlow	english male
claudia_dey	21st-century women novelists
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
michel_butor	french french
nigel_nicolson	people of
craig_wayans	american male
gregory_orfalea	american people
dr.seuss	american from
matt_reeves	american television
gavin_edwards_:writer	american of birth
frédéric_mistral	19th-century french
anita_pratap	indian women writers
claudio_sanchez	american births
nancy_buckingham	living people
dorothy_black_:novelist	english women novelists
mark_clifton	american american novelists
adrian_cole_:writer	people births
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
alex_haley	american from
clive_barker	lgbt male
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
dara_ó_conaola	year of birth missing
hans_noever	german male
helena_araújo	21st-century short
peter_simpson_:writer	new of
robert_svoboda	american from
mervyn_peake	english from
geoff_dyer	english of
algernon_blackwood	english of
petro_marko	albanian short
desmond_fennell	21st-century from
andrew_ostrowski	american male
myriam_francois-cerrah	living people writers
andrew_coburn_:author	american american novelists
donna_williams	australian from
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
nan_nyunt_swe	burmese births
fredrik_skagen	norwegian women writers
arcady_aris	chuvash births
charlotte_elizabeth_tonna	english women writers
alfred_of_malmesbury	people births
constantin_stamati	people from
david_wild	american of
qiu_jin	people births
raymond_allen_:scriptwriter	english births
ed_solomon	american television
patrick_white	australian short
nagavally_r._s._kurup	indian film
eric_garcia	american from
nikolai_leykin	russian male
david_jubermann	new zealand zealand
henriette_gislesen	norwegian norwegian
audrey_howard	20th-century women novelists
giovanni_testori	italian male
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
nanae_aoyama	japanese births
nic_kelman	american male
alf_prøysen	norwegian deaths
chris_hayward	american from
esme_langley	australian deaths
gwion_hallam	british of is
rick_mcginnis	living people
hervé_bazin	french french
annie_hall_cudlip	english women writers
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
emily_arnold_mccully	american from
arthur_weiss	american male
fatix_ämirxan	ukrainian deaths
eugenia_kim_:author	21st-century women
helio_vera	male births
eli_amir	israeli births
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
omar_kureishi	pakistani of
paul_e_cooley	american american short
henri_antoine_jules-bois	french deaths
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
peter_david	american from novelists
max_kruse_:author	german deaths
gerald_vizenor	american american
andrés_henestrosa	mexican births
emmanuel_bourdieu	french french
robert_gardner_:academic	canadian from
richard_montanari	american american novelists
ratnakar_chaini	living people
barton_paul_levenson	american american short
ariel_levy	american american
paula_gosling	21st-century women novelists
franz_kafka	austrian births
ada_jack_carver_snell	american from
cleo_odzer	american births
charles_gaines	american from
mavro_vetranović	20th-century novelists
carol_emshwiller	american american short
mykola_khvylovy	ukrainian deaths
chris_campanioni	mexican births
gita_sahgal	indian from
pío_moa	spanish births
alison_schapker	american television birth
nancy_phelan	20th-century women
norvell_w._page	american american short
maud_de_belleroche	21st-century women writers
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
eli_amir	israeli births
cynthia_harrod-eagles	21st-century women novelists
mary_stocks,_baroness_stocks	19th-century deaths
erica_james	20th-century women novelists
grigory_baklanov	russian short
ellen_meloy	american from
flora_fraser_:writer	english of
patrick_carman	american from
edwin_s.grosvenor	american from
michael_j._fitzgerald_:writer	american from
deborah_robertson	australian short story
mavor_moore	canadian male
gerlind_reinshagen	german women
fremont_rider	american from
meredith_sue_willis	american women novelists
margery_sharp	english women writers
ralph_chaplin	american deaths
charles-olivier_michaud	canadian births
fiona_mcintosh_:fencer	scottish of
miguel_herrero_uceda	living people
charles_stross	english science fiction
marie_sophie_schwartz	19th-century births
damian_barr	people of
aristide_frémine	19th-century deaths
gore_vidal	american from
glenn_eichler	american television writers
benito_cereno_:writer	american of writers
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
germaine_greer	australian from
gadul_singh_lama	indian male
orrin_keepnews	american from
mark_linfield	british births
hanna_krall	people births
andre_norton	american american novelists
richard_bach	american from
gustav_wied	male male
daniel_quinn	american american novelists
hans_wollschläger	german births
ginette_anfousse	canadian women writers
paul_h._bruske	american deaths
bakdi_soemanto	indonesian writers
emily_arnold_mccully	american from
ali_al-abdallah	year of is
paul_lalonde	living of birth
david_michelinie	american comics
neela_padmanabhan	indian writers
dorothy_carrington	people of
naomi_novik	american american novelists
richard_pursel	american people
matthew_weiner	american television
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
andre_dubus	american american novelists
connie_schultz	american from
max_apple	american male
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
fermín_abella_y_blave	spanish births
georges_simenon	20th-century from
miriam_roth	american people
glaydah_namukasa	ugandan women
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
robert_olen_butler	american american
duarte_barbosa	portuguese births
emanuel_litvinoff	english from
alexander_stepanovich_yakovlev	russian male
mieko_kawakami	living births
ove_von_spaeth	living writers
barbara_hall_:tv_producer	american women writers
alex_flinn	american women novelists
ram_shankar_tripathi	indian writers
gail_gibbons	american of writers
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
marianne_nunn	people births
bruce_bawer	american from
petru_cărare	moldovan writers
aravind_enrique_adyanthaya	american births
daniil_andreyev	russian male
dwight_macdonald	american from
mitch_swenson	american of birth
ben_schott	british of
hava_volovich	russian writers
daniel_sinapius-horčička	slovak births
hilja_haapala	20th-century women
matt_brandstein	american comics
richard_holloway	scottish of
alfred_h.bill	american american novelists
eric_dando	australian short story
edwin_monroe_bacon	american deaths
maude_kegg	american women writers
andré_bjerke	norwegian norwegian
marguerite_abouet	living children's
nevin_halıcı	living people birth
meredith_bagby	american births writers
alice_priestley	canadian women
david_leite	american of birth
qanate_kurdo	people writers
alter_kacyzne	20th-century novelists
ian_brennan_:writer	american television
david_foster_:writer	american of writers
france_bevk	slovenian from
michael_a.noonan	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
aleksandre_tarsaidze	american deaths
graham_swift	english male
maxime_du_camp	french french
allan_chappelow	people of
michael_mcginley	year of death
david_wingrove	english births
bob_paris	american from
michael_sledge	american male
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
raquel_verdesoto	ecuadorian deaths
david_gallaher	american from
richard_reeves_:american_writer	american people
peter_cheney	year of birth
david_goodis	american american novelists
randolph_stow	australian australian
frédéric_mistral	19th-century french
guy_davenport	american american
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
christophe_honoré	french male
michael_dorfman	israeli jews
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
ra_ganapati	indian writers
rejina_sabur-cross	english women writers
brett_borgen	norwegian women
edith_thacher_hurd	american women writers
eudora_welty	american american
darin_goldberg	american television writers
gail_vaz-oxlade	canadian from
eve_bunting	australian women writers
helen_corke	20th-century women
christopher_paul_baker	people of
e.v.krishna_pillai	indian from
h.g.wells	english of
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
aristide_frémine	19th-century deaths
alexis_wright	australian women
friedrich_christian_delius	german from
nader_kadhim	living people
dr.seuss	american from
renee_roszel	21st-century women novelists
ochirbatyn_dashbalbar	20th-century deaths
eva_emery_dye	american american
giorgio_van_straten	italian italian
asif_farrukhi	pakistani of
david_sweetman	20th-century from
budge_wilson	canadian of
fulvio_tomizza	italian italian
mike_fasolo	american people
giorgio_a.tsoukalos	american births
allen_varney	american from
christianna_brand	20th-century women novelists
hans_christian_adamson	american from
margaret_yorke	20th-century births novelists
robert_m.pirsig	american from
nigel_rodgers	english from
david_leavitt	american american
alexander_russell_webb	american from
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
rené_daumal	french french
geoff_ryman	21st-century male novelists
norman_corwin	american male novelists
matt_granfield	australian births
pam_conrad	american of
a.m.dellamonica	21st-century canadian short
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
constantin_stamati	people from
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
c.h.sisson	english of
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
nancy_holder	american women novelists
frederick_rolfe	english short
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
guido_gezelle	flemish from
nina_berberova	russian russian
eric_van_lustbader	american american novelists
devin_k.grayson	american comics
françois_bégaudeau	french french
charlotte_dean	american from writers
donald_f.campbell	people births
glyn_parry_:author	australian births
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
celia_thaxter	american american
markus_hediger	swiss from
andré_breton	french deaths
dmitri_prigov	russian male
gyula_hernádi	hungarian male
friedrich_von_sallet	german from
max_apple	american male
else_ury	german deaths
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
donald_james	british of
amos_tutuola	20th-century births
florencio_varela_:writer	albanian male
park_hyoung-su	living korean
herman_pieter_de_boer	dutch deaths
david_j.williams	american american novelists
nguyễn_ngọc_ngạn	canadian from
alex_p_michaels	american of
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
alex_sheshunoff	american of
agnes_grainger_stewart	british of
raymond_abrashkin	american from
michèle_mailhot	canadian canadian novelists
frédéric_marcelin	croatian novelists
gyula_hernádi	hungarian male
dan_abnett	british of
brian_glanville	english births
nora_bossong	german women
george_jonas	canadian from
maria_elsa_da_rocha	20th-century women
amina_mama	21st-century of
harry_l.symons	canadian canadian novelists
anna_sakse	chilean women
anna-clara_tidholm	20th-century women writers
caelius_rhodiginus	italian deaths
alasdair_gray	british of
gabriela_brimmer	mexican births
chirlane_mccray	american of
nejc_gazvoda	slovenian from
holly_hartman	american of birth
guy_davenport	american american
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
freda_cruse_atwell	american women writers
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
michalis_fakinos	turkish people
preah_botumthera_som	cambodian deaths
henning_haslund-christensen	people deaths
constantin_stamati	people from
erzsébet_galgóczi	mexican women writers
richard_russell_:dow_theory	american from
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
gayl_jones	20th-century women
curtis_roosevelt	american from
hart_hanson	american television writers
erzsébet_galgóczi	mexican women writers
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
pat_bullard	canadian people
alice_priestley	canadian women
adam_james_dalton	21st-century of writers
amy_hempel	american from
ante_tomić_:writer	croatian novelists
owen_wister	american from
françois_weyergans	french births
francis_stuart	irish deaths
michelle_herman	living births writers
courtney_summers	21st-century women novelists
patricia_briggs	21st-century women novelists
mary_alice_downie	canadian women writers
brenda_jagger	20th-century romantic novelists
eleanor_coerr	canadian women writers
cesare_balbo	italian italian
ortensio_mauro	year writers
rich_blomquist	american television
melissa_panarello	italian people
mikihiko_renjō	japanese japanese
omar_ibn_said	american from
barbara_baynton	australian women
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
béatrix_beck	20th-century women
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
park_min-gyu	south korean
purushottam_agrawal	living people
g.herbert_sallans	canadian canadian novelists
darin_goldberg	american television writers
andrei_zarin	russian russian
peter_hessler	american births
betim_muço	albanian albanian
michael_j.arlen	michael j. is is an american writer writer and and
graham_linehan	irish births
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
george_lockhart_:politician	people of
amos_tutuola	20th-century births
george_eckstein	american television
maurits_hansen	people births
elizabeth_korte	american television writers
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
peter_david	american from novelists
claude_mckay	people people
dorothy_allison	american women
cora_taylor	canadian women writers
andrea_camilleri	italian italian
david_bergelson	russian writers
robert_clark_young	american male
p._n._oak	indian writers
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
peter_ocko	american television writers
richard_goodman_:writer	american from
ben_sanders_:author	new zealand writers
charles_lalo	french deaths
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
bill_grundfest	american television writers
masahiko_shimada	japanese japanese
marianne_farningham	british deaths
ante_kovačić	people deaths
rajiva_wijesinha	south of
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
robert_marasco	american male dramatists
orlando_wells	english male
carmen_beltrán	swedish deaths
ian_mcfadyen	australian television
meir_shalev	israeli births
derek_patmore	british births
nugroho_notosusanto	people novelists
carl_amery	german male
pat_rosier	new zealand
antonio_moresco	italian italian
goffredo_parise	italian male
mark_richard	american from
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
melesina_trench	irish women
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
david_quinn_:writer	american comics
neil_mossey	british people
billy_hayes_:writer	american births
helen_lilian_shaw	20th-century women writers
anthon_bang	norwegian deaths
nigar_rafibeyli	azerbaijani novelists
oswald_wynd	british of
h.c.cradock	20th-century women writers
farah_ghuznavi	year of is
natalie_savage_carlson	american children's
elie_wiesel	american american
andrés_caicedo	male short
baburao_bagul	marathi-language deaths
mundhir_qabbānī	living arabian
olivia_coolidge	american births
marie-anne_de_bovet	french women writers
anvita_dutt_guptan	indian from
allan_chappelow	people of
carlo_grande_:writer	italian births writers
robert_svoboda	american from
douglas_kent_hall	american from
anna_seghers	german of
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
andrew_williams_:novelist	people of
abul_fazal_:writer	bengali births
peter_kovačič_peršin	slovenian births
mary_kay_zuravleff	american american
pete_lacaba	filipino people
adam_kuckhoff	german german
david_zuckerman	american television
paul_e_cooley	american american short
gayl_jones	20th-century women
charles_dickens	english male
gabriel_garcía-badell	spanish births
donald_wilson_:writer_and_producer	british births
patrick_marnham	english of
niloufar_talebi	american of
richard_van_camp	canadian canadian novelists
curtis_roosevelt	american from
ferdinand_de_lanoye	french deaths
maurice_dodd	english births
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
annie_vivanti	italian women
mary_kingsley	19th-century deaths
masti_venkatesha_iyengar	indian writers
bawa_balwant	20th-century from
gurdial_singh	indian from
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
nell_dixon	women of fiction
bergljot_hobæk_haff	20th-century women writers
raymond_allen_:scriptwriter	english births
meliza_bañales	american women
andrew_kreisberg	american television
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
pavao_posilović	bosnia and herzegovina
matthieu_ricard	french births
giani_dhanwant_singh_sital	people deaths
arleen_paré	canadian women
donna_williams	australian from
amanda_kyle_williams	american women novelists
bob_hamm	american american
mikhail_albov	russian russian
eddie_chuculate	american from
allan_sealy	indian from
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
brandon_jerwa	american comics
andrzej_sapkowski	20th-century short
michael_j._arlen	american from
noo_saro-wiwa	british of
elias_abu_shabaki	dutch deaths
marty_feldman	english male
nicolas_deschamps_:writer	french deaths
asim_mahmood	pakistani births
r._j._ellory	english births
myron_coureval_fagan	american from
naomi_novik	american american novelists
munis_tekinalp	turkish births
felicia_bond	american women
alekos_sakellarios	croatian novelists
grace_paley	american american
carlos_franqui	brazilian births
birendra_kumar_bhuyan	indian from
chantal_renaud	canadian from
catherine_millet	french women
cherith_baldry	21st-century women novelists
mikal_sylten	norwegian births
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
farhat_ishtiaq	pakistani births
hilary_barta	american comics
ned_vizzini	american american
erich_fritz_schweinburg	american american
carole_bache	american deaths
abbas_el-zein	japanese births
fridtjov_søiland_birkeli	people deaths
david_friedrichsfeld	german deaths
henry_kreisel	canadian male novelists
nisi_shawl	american american novelists
clement_clarke_moore	american from
margaret_potter	20th-century romantic novelists
augusto_de_angelis	italian male
brian_hodge	american american novelists
margaret_potter	20th-century romantic novelists
patrice_evans	american bloggers
patricia_maldonado	brazilian births
helen_m.roberts	american from
felicia_bond	american women
margaret_halsey	american from
hp_tinker	english births
edwin_granberry	american from
david_hitchcock_:comics	english births
richard_c._meredith	american american short
david_benedictus	english births
richard_t._williamson	american people
noël_godin	belgian births
georgi_vladimov	russian writers
mercer_simpson	people of
michael_conforti	american television writers
carol_mendelsohn	american television writers
a.h.weiler	american deaths
alexis_wright	australian women
michael_blumlein	american american novelists
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
fredrik_bajer	people deaths
gaelen_foley	american women novelists
dick_king-smith	english of
dan_brereton	american comics
cynthia_ozick	american american
marguerite_young	20th-century women
brenda_jagger	20th-century romantic novelists
pat_brown_:criminal_profiler	american women writers
plum_johnson	canadian canadian writers
alexander_kazantsev	russian births
birgitta_trotzig	swedish from
ian_mckay_:writer	british of
darren_greer	canadian from
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
gisèle_prassinos	20th-century women
debra_anderson	canadian canadian novelists
dwayne_mcduffie	american comics
pier_alessandro_paravia	italian births
miran_jarc	slovenian births
bruce_bawer	american from
miriam_toews	canadian from
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
melissa_harris-perry	american from
bernard_noël	french french novelists
pierre_de_la_primaudaye	french male
harold_brodkey	american from
robert_a.heinlein	american from
mark_forsyth	english births
amanda_minnie_douglas	american american
guy_davenport	american american
francis_chalifour	canadian from
gore_vidal	american from
dan_gillmor	american of
anšlavs_eglītis	latvian deaths
phyllis_reynolds_naylor	american from novelists
emily_barr	21st-century women writers
buz_kohan	american television
musa_haji_ismail_galal	indonesian deaths
pramod_raman	indian women short
delwar_hussain	alumni of
henry_stephens_salt	english of
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
daphne_clair	20th-century women novelists
muhsin_al-ramli	iranian people
colin_dexter	english of
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
adolphe_stoeber	people deaths
nancy_holder	american women novelists
michael_mclaverty	irish irish
mirza_adeeb	pakistani from
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
attia_hosain	indian from
maurissa_tancharoen	american from
bruce_woolley	english births
maxim_gorky	russian male
eliette_abécassis	french women writers
gayl_jones	20th-century women
max_bunker	living births
florinda_donner	american from
h.ogden_wintermute	american from
pierre_rabhi	living births
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
gustav_falke	german from
arnette_lamb	american women novelists
meindert_dejong	american american
alison_weir	british of
ellen_davitt	australian women
helena_khan	bangladeshi of is
astrid_lindgren	20th-century women writers
nelson_algren	american american
dikran_chökürian	ottoman armenian
emiliano_reali	italian male
robert_eagle_:filmmaker	british births
martin_walser	german from
helene_hanff	american women
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
nodar_dumbadze	20th-century novelists
nor_sanavongsay	american people
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
brian_cooke	british of
colin_wilson	english english
eliette_abécassis	french women writers
ben_hawkey	british male
hovik_vardoumian	armenian deaths
daven_michaels	american of birth
flavio_herrera	guatemalan short
ashley_bryan	american from
rita_clay_estrada	21st-century women novelists
elliott_holt	21st-century american novelists
esther_seligson	mexican women
félix_evaristo_mejía	dominican republic
graham_hancock	british writers
paul_gustavson	american deaths
ailsa_piper	australian from
amyas_northcote	english births
anne_hopkins_aitken	american from
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
célestine_hitiura_vaite	21st-century women
andré_nemec	american television
robert_thurman	american from
graeme_davis_:game_designer	video comics
clive_matthew-wilson	australian births
darya_dontsova	russian births
bill_brittain	american american novelists
annie_vivanti	italian women
giorgio_faletti	italian births
mike_reiss	american television writers
a.s.king	21st-century women novelists
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
cass_pennant	english male
paolo_tullio	irish writers
charles_gordon_:journalist	canadian canadian
hal_clement	american science novelists
patrick_white	australian short
henry_clark_barlow	english male
richard_zenith	mexican women
alois_jirásek	austrian births
amy_keating_rogers	american television writers
ida_pollock	20th-century women novelists
alexandre_dumas	french french
emanuel_litvinoff	english from
p._d._james	english of
george_caragonne	people births
dallas_john_baker	australian short story
frank_westerman	japanese births
francesco_lomonaco	italian births
maria_agnès_ribera_garau	19th-century women writers
chantal_renaud	canadian from
gene_deweese	american american novelists
alice_b.neal	american of writers
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
mykola_kulish	ukrainian from
angela_hernández_nuñez	dominican of
elie_wiesel	american american
peter_rabe	american american novelists
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
dan_shaughnessy	american from
gert_hofmann	20th-century from
brian_aldiss	english from
bob_rozakis	american comics
maude_robinson	maude deaths
bruce_jones_:comics	american male short
martyn_park	australian births
françois_weyergans	french births
eudora_welty	american american
ian_brennan_:writer	american television
asif_farrukhi	pakistani of
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
maureen_howard	american american
eric_garcia	american from
ernest_holmes	american from
patrick_casey_:writer	american male
františek_čelakovský	19th-century deaths
betty_roland	australian women
alex_p_michaels	american of
aleksander_świętochowski	polish from
donna_tartt	american women
robb_white	american american
margaret_pemberton	english births
dinesh_chandra_sen	bengali deaths
alasdair_gray	british of
norma_farber	american women
c.b.colby	american from
george_reinblatt	canadian from
b.m.suhara	20th-century women
anne_villeneuve	canadian from
douglas_e.wright	canadian from
diane_burroughs	american television writers
charles_d'ambrosio	american of workshop
ravi_belagere	living people
amos_oz	israeli novelists
chen_danyan	people women
glenda_millard	australian women writers
alex_haley	american from
gerhard_dengler	german from
oktay_rıfat_horozcu	turkish writers
gerard_stembridge	irish of
regina_doman	21st-century women
earl_oliver	american from
claude_mckay	people people
mat_johnson	american from
blanche_d'alpuget	20th-century women
meridel_le_sueur	american women
caroline_dale_snedeker	american from
patrick_mccabe_:novelist	irish short
pedro_balmaceda	ecuadorian deaths
bodo_kirchhoff	german from
françois_sonkin	french french novelists
francisco_manuel_de_mello	italian births
elizabeth_arnold_:children's_writer	english births
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
bill_birkett	year of birth missing
rachid_mimouni	people births
mat_johnson	american from
charlie_angus	canadian from
margi_preus	american women writers
marieke_hardy	australian births
byron_vincent	british births
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
priya_a._s	indian indian
bentley_kyle_evans	american television
bert_salzman	american film
arthur_bernard_lewis	american television
guido_cervo	italian births
gabriel_soriano	british births
gardner_fox	american comics
aditi_phadnis	indian writers
beatrice_harraden	english women
mike_albo	american from
mike_scully	american television writers
derek_santos_olson	american television writers
gordon_lish	american american novelists
margot_bennett_:writer	20th-century women fiction
peter_grandbois	american people
oskar_luts	20th-century novelists
ilana_mercer	canadian of
gudlavalleti_chalapati_rao	indian from
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
h.g.carrillo	american american
arnold_m.auerbach	american television
rachel_kushner	21st-century american novelists
archibald_gracie_iv	american from
elsa_bernstein	20th-century concentration
mark_barrowcliffe	english births
mustafa_akyol	iranian people
donald_barr_chidsey	american from
caterina_edwards	canadian canadian novelists
rich_blomquist	american television
conrad_rooks	american male
mushtaq_ahmad_yusufi	pakistani of
michael_zarnock	american male
armstrong_sperry	american from
nina_allan	living people
carol_barbee	american television writers
richard_rodriguez	american from
amina_mama	21st-century of
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
don_southerton	american births
gillian_riley	english births
daniil_andreyev	russian male
michel_onfray	french french
myoma_myint_kywe	burmese births
philip_ball	english of
claire_legrand	american women novelists
fred_reed	american from
nayantara_sahgal	indian women
nadya_larouche	canadian people
colin_wilson	english english
maura_penders	american television writers
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
annamarie_jagose	21st-century women
ellen_meloy	american from
richard_christian_matheson	american american
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
richard_mccann	american from
emily_mitchell	21st-century women writers
heather_graham_pozzessere	american women novelists
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
faranak_margolese	american people
edward_kopówka	polish from
o_yeong-su	south births
aritha_van_herk	canadian canadian novelists
p._schuyler_miller	american american short
marnix_gijsen	flemish from
robert_loren_fleming	american comics
brent_weeks	american of novelists
pat_proft	american television
emerenz_meier	19th-century women
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
edgar_hilsenrath	german german
cara_black_:author	21st-century women novelists
george_mcleod_winsor	19th-century women
bjørnstjerne_bjørnson	norwegian norwegian
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
christopher_fowler	english births
maria_aurora_couto	indian women
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
philip_rosenthal	american television writers
dave_dameshek	american from
ghassan_kanafani	20th-century novelists
chad_holt	american from
elliot_caplin	american births
miervaldis_birze	people deaths
diego_odoh_okenyodo	saudi births
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
frederick_buechner	american from
demetria_daniels	american women writers
olen_steinhauer	american american novelists
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
robert_mccrum	english of
allen_adler	american from
melanie_walsh	living women writers
marshall_browne	australian australian
debra_evans	american from
abdul_hameed_:writer	pakistani from
ahmet_zappa	american male
radovan_ivšić	croatian novelists
amy_thomson	american women novelists
nouritza_matossian	english births
amy_welborn	american from
candice_millard	american of
peg_lynch	american from
dan_turèll	male births
abdulah_sidran	bosnia and
rita_mae_brown	american american
aurora_levins_morales	american american
derrick_o'keefe	canadian from
neel_mukherjee_:writer	indian of
mary_francis_shura	american women novelists
d'arcy_mcnickle	american american
edward_gorey	american from
mary_mapes_dodge	american women
gary_johns	australian of
alf_prøysen	norwegian deaths
max_tau	german deaths
ben_stein	american male
michael_scott_:irish_author	irish irish
michael_collins_piper	american from
ben_schott	british of
rafael_garcía_serrano	spanish male
heidi_w.durrow	american american
anwaar_ahmad	pakistani of
g.k.chesterton	english male
angeline_hango	canadian women novelists
ille_takhti	19th-century deaths
pierre_de_la_primaudaye	french male
imre_vallyon	people zealand
petter_pettersson	norwegian births
niko_pucić	serbian deaths
igor_guberman	russian male
david_j.howe	british writers
ningeokuluk_teevee	canadian from
mary_elizabeth_hawker	19th-century women
didier_leclair	canadian canadian novelists
mike_yaconelli	american deaths
octavio_cordero_palacios_:writer	ecuadorian novelists
albert_ghica	people births
hans_christian_adamson	american from
aymeric_chauprade	french male
grant_blackwood	american american novelists
n._j._crisp	english english
alois_jirásek	austrian births
alexandre_astier	french male
paul_anderson_:uk_writer	living people
francisco_manuel_de_mello	italian births
dianne_bates	australian births
hans_joachim_alpers	german births
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
chairman_butt	hong births
heike_brandt	german women writers
cizia_zykë	french french
bruce_vilanch	american from
mircea_damian	romanian romanian
ille_takhti	19th-century deaths
grigory_baklanov	russian short
david_garnett	20th-century short
george_monbiot	british of
ha_seong-ran	south korean
robert_a.heinlein	american from
na_do-hyang	south births
ali_al-abdallah	year of is
mark_evans_:comedian/writer	british of
michael_ende	german women
robert_satloff	american from
mike_berenstain	american people
richard_bruce_nugent	american from
curtis_roosevelt	american from
aldous_huxley	english from
dorothy_allison	american women
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
maxim_februari	japanese births
alex_shoumatoff	american from
charles_alden_seltzer	american american novelists
donald_shaw_:academic	american deaths
debra_anderson	canadian canadian novelists
bill_oddie	english educated
moira_kirland	american television writers
catherine_gasquoine_hartley	people births
abrar_alvi	indian film directors
bruno_bernard_:writer	belgian births
heda_margolius_kovály	20th-century women
rina_brundu	italian women writers
robert_ames_bennet	american american novelists
dhrubajyoti_bora	indian from
pete_lacaba	filipino people
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
gleb_uspensky	russian male
george_washington_moon	19th-century deaths
evan_beloff	canadian television writers
catherine_jones_:novelist	place of birth
chris_claremont	english births
fred_dekker	american births
brian_keenan_:writer	people of
evan_wright	american from
christopher_rowley	american american novelists
gunning_s.bedford	american deaths
carla_speed_mcneil	year of birth
odveig_klyve	norwegian norwegian
chip_johannessen	american television writers
oliva_sabuco	spanish births
horace_kephart	american deaths
frieda_a.murray	american women novelists
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
banarsidas_chaturvedi	indian writers
franz_kafka	austrian births
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
edem_awumey	canadian canadian
mark_budz	american american novelists
caroline_leakey	english women
meredith_ann_pierce	21st-century american novelists
pacho_o'donnell	argentine births
mirkka_rekola	20th-century women
cornelius_eady	american american
frances_noyes_hart	american from
alissa_nutting	21st-century of novelists
bhalchandra_vaman_kelkar	people births
rashaan_nall	american male
hal_block	american from
gale_wilhelm	american american
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
max_allan_collins	american american novelists
fernando_argenta	spanish male
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
barbara_kesel	american comics
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
mary_hocking	20th-century women
michael_a._burstein	american american short
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
robert_a.heinlein	american from
h.r.percy	canadian male novelists
arthur_drews	german deaths
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
andy_hamilton_:author	british births
märta_helena_reenstierna	swedish swedish
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
maureen_jennings	21st-century women writers
gwendoline_butler	20th-century women novelists
emanuel_litvinoff	english from
dan_greenburg	american american novelists
rita_mae_brown	american american
matija_bećković	serbian of
frankétienne	haitian dramatists
borys_antonenko-davydovych	ukrainian deaths
donald_james	british of
herbert_kuhner	austrian births
peter_brimelow	american from
richard_ballantine	american births
pryse_lockhart_gordon	british of
edmund_wilson	american from
p._c._wren	english births
naeem_mohaiemen	living births
peter_coleman	australian of
fannie_pearson_hardy_eckstorm	american deaths
diego_de_torres_villarroel	spanish births
ramsey_campbell	english english
dan_abnett	british of
frank_skinner	english educated
milo_urban	spanish writers
graham_salisbury	american from
maria_lima	american women novelists
debra_anderson	canadian canadian novelists
eldridge_cleaver	american from
norvell_w._page	american american short
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
mary_austin_holley	american births
mark_rowlands	british writers
abujafar_shamsuddin	bengali births
david_alan_mack	american of novelists
muratsan	armenian deaths
hortense_calisher	american american
randolph_stow	australian australian
baird_t.spalding	american births
patrick_califia	american from
gay_caswell	syrian of is
carmen_beltrán	swedish deaths
armand_lunel	french french
han_sorya	20th-century births
edward_pasewicz	polish deaths
herman_rosenblat	american deaths
george_cockings	people births
emilio_praga	italian italian
nikolay_breshko-breshkovsky	russian russian
alexandru_hâjdeu	russian births
rita_mae_brown	american american
adam_shand_:journalist	australian births
matthew_schreuder	australian from
qudrat_ullah_shahab	pakistani of
bruce_marshall	people of
carlos_baker	american from
c.b.colby	american from
gerald_carr_:cartoonist	australian people
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
andrea_heuser	german women
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
elisabeth_axmann	romanian births
birendra_kumar_bhattacharya	indian from
c.austin_miles	people deaths
maria_belakhova	russian writers
christophe_claro	french births
polina_suslova	russian russian
rick_copp	american from
maria_mutch	canadian canadian novelists
bushra_elfadil	pakistani from
alfredo_armas_alfonzo	venezuelan births
colin_j.gillespie	australian from
david_safier	german male
andré_breton	french deaths
marguerite_young	20th-century women
evald_flisar	slovenian from
adam_hamdy	english births
peter_o'donnell	english from
ben_stein	american male
meghan_o'rourke	american women
antoinette_henriette_clémence_robert	french french
catherine_chung	american american novelists
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
nedžad_ibrišimović	bosnia and
mark_l._van_name	american american short
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
howard_overman	year of birth missing
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
dan_lusthaus	american of
brian_torrey_scott	people births
alexander_russell_webb	american from
brian_andreas	american american
opal_tometi	american of writers
pierre_de_jarric	french male
maureen_jennings	21st-century women writers
graham_linehan	irish births
maurice_halperin	american from
darrell_figgis	19th-century deaths
ellen_raskin	american from novelists
nick_hurst	living of birth
ann_mcgovern	american women
peter_wear	australian people
nio_joe_lan	indonesian deaths
pitcheswara_rao_atluri	year of birth missing
neli_kodrič	slovenian from
richard_bach	american from
andrew_klavan	american american
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
rob_hood	australian births
rachapalem_chandrasekhara_reddy	living writers
mercedes_valdivieso	20th-century women
georgelle_hirliman	american women writers
ben_casnocha	year births is
anne_marie_winston	american women novelists
helen_darville	australian australian
ian_pattison	year of birth missing
marion_hargrove	american from
daniel_abraham_:author	american american novelists
michael_cisco	american american novelists
rasheed_ahmad_siddiqui	recipients from
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
dan_turèll	male births
david_n.weiss	american from
abdul_qavi_desnavi	indian from
alberto_bevilacqua	italian italian
helena_araújo	21st-century short
homer_eon_flint	american american short
carole_hayman	english of writers
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
petar_zoranić	people births
gyula_krúdy	hungarian from
gabriel_brizard	year births
dave_lowry_:martial_arts	american of
brett_matthews	american television writers
dahlia_lithwick	canadian of birth
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
derrick_o'keefe	canadian from
david_goldschmid	american television writers
mohamed_chafik	living births
francesco_saverio_salfi	italian births
rita_mae_brown	american american
bill_oakley	american television
chen_maiping	20th-century short
david_paul_kuhn	american from
angela_narth	canadian children's writers
michael_hanlon	people of
deborah_hopkinson	american children's
mohammed_naseehu_ali	american from
nastaran_akhavan	living people
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
max_gallo	french people
martyn_park	australian births
hida_viloria	people births
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
ajit_cour	indian writers
ray_hedges	year of birth
na_do-hyang	south births
norman_lear	american from
adam_kotsko	american from
muazzam_beg	indian film
clayton_rawson	american american novelists
remo_forlani	french male
nat_nwe	burmese from
pavan_choudary	living people
anthony_swofford	american from
moinul_ahsan_saber	bangladeshi people
ann_donahue	american of writers
elsie_locke	new zealand
helen_conrad	american women novelists
emily_smith_:author	21st-century women novelists
paulo_fernando_craveiro	people people
muratsan	armenian deaths
alison_schapker	american television birth
anni_swan	finnish women
ernest_thompson	american from
eve_bunting	australian women writers
g.s.amur	indian from
ali_smith	20th-century of
dave_thorpe	british births
hanna_johansen	swiss births
catherine_hermary-vieille	french women
matthew_dickens	american male
pat_condell	english educated
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
pedro_malón_de_chaide	spanish births
carol_dunlop	canadian from
paul_heyse	german german
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
philippe-joseph_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
merho	living births
arun_joshi	indian writers
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
clive_barker	lgbt male
elizabeth_deane	year of birth
antanas_škėma	lithuanian novelists
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
marion_halligan	australian women writers
patrick_clarke	american from
rajanikanta_bordoloi	asom from
edmond_fleg	french french
phyllis_bennis	living people
aung_thin	burmese births
fam_ekman	norwegian women writers
hryhorii_epik	ukrainian of
bharago	indian from
daniel_micka	austrian births
nigel_bennett	english male
max_mckeown	living births
fernando_gonzález_:writer	cambodian deaths
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
halldór_laxness	people deaths
pearl_s._buck	american from
abdul_qayum_:imam	british births
elizabeth_lambert	20th-century women novelists
robert_j.sawyer	canadian from
guido_gezelle	flemish from
ningombam_bupenda_meitei	indian from
andy_wightman	scottish of
milan_kundera	20th-century births
michael_j._rosen	american male
mercer_mayer	american from
marie_joseph	20th-century romantic novelists
aya_tanimura	australian women writers
ilya_tolstoy	russian russian
aman_nath	indian of
frank_bergon	american from
gerald_clarke_:author	american from
michaela_angela_davis	american of
dorothy_malone_:writer	american of death
grete_gulbransson	20th-century births writers
philippe_vandevelde	living births
hella_haasse	20th-century women
alexander_belyaev	russian deaths
avram_davidson	american american novelists
clive_doucet	canadian canadian
nigel_nicolson	people of
nay_win_myint	burmese writers
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
douglas_adams	english from
raghunath_choudhary	asom from
noel_loomis	american from
mary_hobson	english births
raja_rao	indian from
graham_swift	english male
mary_robison	american american
robert_padnick	american television writers
matt_fraction	american comics
henry_stephens_salt	english of
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
marjorie_gross	canadian from
benjamin_cheever	american american novelists
gadul_singh_lama	indian male
david_anthony_kraft	american comics
cara_black_:author	21st-century women novelists
rafael_hertzberg	19th-century deaths
claude_bourdet	german from
michaela_angela_davis	american of
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
filippo_buonaccorsi	italian male
ethan_gross	american of birth
renate_stendhal	american births
mario_soldati	italian births
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
edgar_hilsenrath	german german
cecelie_berry	american of
edith_ellis	english women
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
maria_agnès_ribera_garau	19th-century women writers
elisa_hall_de_asturias	20th-century women
donna_kossy	american women
richard_girling	living people
pramod_raman	indian women short
elsa_triolet	russian women
paul_boutin	american people
richard_reeves_:american_writer	american people
nayantara_sahgal	indian women
olwen_wymark	american from
antal_stašek	19th-century of
mark_coakley	canadian from
michelle_olley	english births
ram_punjwani	indian from
cornelius_eady	american american
nihal_atsız	turkish writers
igor_guberman	russian male
peter_ling	english births
estela_canto	argentine women
bruce_jones_:comics	american male short
estela_canto	argentine women
claude_mckay	people people
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
angela_amato_velez	american television birth
henry_marie_brackenridge	american deaths
alberto_de_noronha	indian from
andrea_heuser	german women
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
frederick_buechner	american from
nadia_wheatley	australian women
alain_jouffroy	french french
hugh_abercrombie_anderson	canadian from
philip_blommaert	people births
beppe_fenoglio	italian male
pavel_yakushkin	russian writers
marie_sizun	living people
a.h.weiler	american deaths
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
matteo_pistono	living people
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
alf_ahlberg	people deaths
howard_junker	american from
nancy_garden	21st-century women writers
nguyen_quang_lap	turkish births
george_calderon	english of
elizabeth_f.ellet	american american
alexander_belyaev	russian deaths
guadalupe_nettel	21st-century women
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
anne_eyre_worboys	20th-century women novelists
francisco_herrera_luque	20th-century novelists
emily_arnold_mccully	american from
alexander_jablokov	american american short
nabin_chandra_bardoloi	indian from
andri_snær_magnason	people births
betty_friedan	american american
g.k.chesterton	english male
michael_zarnock	american male
henry_theodore_tuckerman	american american
aaron_elkins	american american novelists
mike_berenstain	american people
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
charles_alden_seltzer	american american novelists
raffaello_baldini	german from
eduard_limonov	russian male
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
marie_majerová	20th-century novelists
pola_oloixarac	argentine births
meinolf_finke	german births
francis_seow	singaporean of
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
barbara_branden	canadian from
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
douglas_murray_:author	people of
nikita_larionov	chuvash deaths
richard_harris_:television_writer	english births
paul_groussac	french deaths
dayton_duncan	american male
diana_atkinson	canadian women novelists
robert_olen_butler	american american
franco_lucentini	italian births
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
chen_maiping	20th-century short
adrian_cristobal	people births
helmut_preißler	german women
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
hava_volovich	russian writers
ann_c.crispin	american women novelists
gary_lachman	american from
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
mihir_sengupta	living writers
matthew_reinhart	american people
frank_belknap_long	american american novelists
michael_o'donoghue	american male
gopal_mayekar	people writers
garth_ennis	new of
ann_marcus	american from
ian_rogers_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
eric_boehlert	american of birth
cathi_bond	canadian women novelists
ayi_kwei_armah	american people
anne_douglas_sedgwick	20th-century women writers
michael_a._noonan	living people
nicolai_costenco	romanian births
david_auerbach	american of
antonio_serra_:writer	living people
david_foster_:writer	american of writers
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
pam_brady	american television writers
elizabeth_carpenter	american from
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
dorothy_scarborough	american from
fahmida_riaz	pakistani of
milo_manara	living births
ada_jack_carver_snell	american from
david_crane_:producer	american from
gudlavalleti_chalapati_rao	indian from
gabe_hudson	american american novelists
brian_azzarello	american comics
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
charles_gramlich	american american short
franz_douskey	american american novelists
mavis_nicholson	british births
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
robert_hutchinson_:author	living people
bob_ellis	australian from
herbert_lyle_mayfield	american from
andy_merrill	american male
george_monbiot	british of
aranka_siegal	american women
rené_balcer	canadian from
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
philip_pullman	english of
richard_crasta	american male
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
rhoda_shipman	american comics
françois_leperlier	french births
helen_zimmern	english births
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
guy_davenport	american american
douglas_murray_:author	people of
bess_meredyth	american from
rasheed_amjad	people births
margret_rey	german births
gheorghe_vodă	moldovan writers
melina_marchetta	australian children's
christine_angot	french women writers
balázs_orbán	people births
eugen_kumičić	croatian novelists
edmond_hamilton	american comics
alain_leroy_locke	american from
h.ogden_wintermute	american from
andrei_lupan	moldovan writers
guðbergur_bergsson	norwegian births
nadia_wheatley	australian women
dr.seuss	american from
anita_nair	20th-century indian
paul_goma	romanian essayists
ramalho_ortigão	people births
enrichetta_caracciolo	italian births
gustaw_przeczek	polish from
gordon_lish	american american novelists
betty_friedan	american american
monica_langley	american of
anatoly_kuznetsov	russian writers
alexander_roda_roda	austrian deaths
matt_silverstein	american television
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
maria_parr	living births
elizabeth_kata	australian women
doris_e.smith	20th-century women writers
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
ben_yagoda	american from
mushtaq_ahmad_yusufi	pakistani of
ghada_al-samman	syrian writers
barbara_paul	american american novelists
david_barr_kirtley	american american novelists
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
dejan_medaković	serbian from
clara_sereni	italian women
duncan_regehr	canadian from
doris_e.smith	20th-century women writers
michael_robotham	australian births
greg_daniels	american television
franco_scaglia	italian italian
davor_domazet-lošo	turkish writers
mitch_cullin	american american
ian_doescher	american american novelists
hubert_harrison	american of
onat_kutlar	turkish writers
qazi_mahbub_hussain	year of is
masha_tupitsyn	living people
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
eli_clare	american from
amrita_pritam	indian from
alexander_ross_:writer	people births
rictor_norton	american from
reinhold_weege	american television
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
matthew_condon	australian short
aisha_muharrar	american television
dilman_dila	ugandan women
evan_dunsky	american television writers
minfong_ho	living people
deviprasad_dwivedi	indian writers
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
danny_baker	english educated
alexis_lichine	people deaths
matthias_politycki	german women
c.s.chellappa	indian indian
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
nancy_kress	american american novelists
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
hortense_calisher	american american
colin_clark_:filmmaker	english of
garth_nix	australian from
anne-pia_nygård	norwegian births
pascual_h._poblete	belgian writers
nathan_burrage	australian short story
mundur_krishnankutty	indian male
andrius_tapinas	lithuanian novelists
emiliano_reali	italian male
damon_young_:writer	american of
esther_kamatari	21st-century women writers
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
pavao_posilović	bosnia and herzegovina
dimitrija_čupovski	people deaths
adam_kotsko	american from
christopher_priest_:comics	american comics
bi_feiyu	people women
frederick_buechner	american from
avner_cohen	american university
mary_howard_:novelist	20th-century women novelists
catherine_lucy_innes	new zealand writers
ebrahim_al-arrayedh	people deaths
david_j.mitchell	canadian from
norah_mcclintock	canadian people
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
bibhuprasad_mohapatra	people writers
robert_antelme	french deaths
paul_mayhew-archer	english of
marjorie_gross	canadian from
enrichetta_caracciolo	italian births
robert_borden_:tv_producer	american television
claude-françois-xavier_mercier_de_compiègne	french french
françois-thomas-marie_de_baculard_d'arnaud	french french
didi_menosi	israeli jews
alfredo_seiferheld	male births
r._g._de_s._wettimuny	theravada deaths
oskar_luts	20th-century novelists
michael_lind	american from
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
henrik_pontoppidan	ecuadorian deaths
gyan_chaturvedi	indian from
andrzej_sapkowski	20th-century short
narayan_hemchandra	asom from
penny_jordan	20th-century women novelists
giorgio_a.tsoukalos	american births
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
david_wingrove	english births
elizabeth_sims	21st-century women novelists
olaus_magnus	16th-century deaths
helen_pai	american television writers
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
beatrice_harraden	english women
rajbali_pandey	people writers
gerit_quealy	american from
doric_germain	canadian male
ayun_halliday	american from
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
domenico_tempio	italian deaths
noël_godin	belgian births
andré-paul_duchâteau	belgian births
michel_onfray	french french
h.c.cradock	20th-century women writers
hu_lancheng	people deaths
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
charles_nisard	french deaths
nyo_mya	burmese births
michael_dibdin	british of
bedar_mnagrio	pakistani births
paul_wheelahan	australian people
meletius_smotrytsky	polish deaths
nicholas_delbanco	american university
pam_conrad	american of
ahmad_baba_al_massufi	people births
belo_cipriani	american american
faridur_reza_sagar	bangladeshi of
n._khelchandra_singh	indian from
patrick_mccabe_:novelist	irish short
aisha_muharrar	american television
amy_wright_:writer	american women
mikhail_samarsky	russian births
chandra_prasad_saikia	indian from
peter_james_:writer	english births
michelle_izmaylov	american women novelists
paul_cornell	english women
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
rebecca_walker	american women
mike_benson_:screenwriter	american television writers
andré_bjerke	norwegian norwegian
guy_andrews	people of
margaret_way	australian women writers
charles_belfoure	american from novelists
nidudavolu_venkatarao	people deaths
eliza_sproat_turner	american american
caroline_fourest	21st-century from
i.k.k.menon	indian indian
pearl_s._buck	american from
dan_abnett	british of
amina_mama	21st-century of
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
meeka_walsh	canadian canadian novelists
mary_noailles_murfree	american women writers
guido_piovene	italian italian
marijo_moore	american from
christopher_robbins	british births
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
mary_grannan	canadian women novelists
rabina_khan	british of
arthur_c.clarke	english from
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
peter_hogan	living of
girolamo_de_rada	19th-century translators
gore_vidal	american from
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
mat_johnson	american from
cherith_baldry	21st-century women novelists
ben_yagoda	american from
hubert_crackanthorpe	english short
christopher_dow_:author	american male
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
alexander_stein	russian male
mike_fasolo	american people
hugh_falkus	english educated
richard_mccann	american from
evald_flisar	slovenian from
matt_kindt	american comics
grigory_baklanov	russian short
gary_janetti	american from
michael_chamberlain	australian from
matthew_reilly	australian births
andrzej_sapkowski	20th-century short
antony_jay	people of
michealene_risley	american births
christine_harris_:author	australian women writers
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
greg_kot	american from
barry_turner_:journalist	british of
elisabeth_thorsell	swedish births
bob_andelman	american births
clive_barker	lgbt male
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
robert_musil	20th-century women
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
budge_wilson	canadian of
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
miho_mosulishvili	male births
andrew_mcculloch_:writer_and_actor	people of
ekhlasuddin_ahmed	bangladeshi of
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
hideo_oguni	japanese births
alberto_de_meneses_rodrigues	indian from
elaine_pope	american television writers
erik_larsen	american comics
douglas_messerli	american male novelists
orson_spencer	american from
diane_fanning	american of novelists
edith_ellis	english women
oscar_casares	american people
charles_stross	english science fiction
catherine_ann_dorset	people women writers
harry_lawton	american from
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
naomi_novik	american american novelists
earl_mindell	american from
dawn_o'porter	british births
alba_de_céspedes_y_bertini	20th-century women
han_nolan	american from novelists
michael_harris_:editor	canadian canadian
aaron_elkins	american american novelists
blake_masters	american television writers
francisco_xavier_da_cruz	cape verdean
dasari_subrahmanyam	indian writers
birendra_kumar_bhuyan	indian from
rebecca_solnit	american women
annie_hall_cudlip	english women writers
edward_docx	english births
chong_hyon-jong	south births
bill_pronzini	american american novelists
michael_a._burstein	american american short
curt_goetz	german male
rita_mae_brown	american american
montgomery_pittman	american from
dave_thompson_:author	british births
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
eliza_frances_andrews	american american
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
fabio_fiallo	dominican republic
bogart_rogers	american from
elizabeth_sims	21st-century women novelists
morris_lurie	australian australian
arnon_grunberg	dutch dutch
mike_berenstain	american people
michael_chamberlain	australian from
margaret_landon	american from
mireille_marokvia	french women
deb_caletti	21st-century women novelists
nigel_slater	english births
denis_gifford	british writers
erwin_strittmatter	german of
mohammad_moniruzzaman	bengali of
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
dave_dameshek	american from
francisco_cascales	spanish births
fred_golan	american television birth
paul_genesse	american american
andrej_hieng	slovenian from
ellie_herman	american television writers
dirk_philips	flemish from
edythe_mae_gordon	american from
august_derleth	american american novelists
ernest_gébler	irish from
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
nathan_burgoine	canadian canadian novelists
cristin_o'keefe_aptowicz	american from
catherine_mary_macsorley	irish women
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
anita_shreve	21st-century women writers
christine_whelan	american births
gordon_lish	american american novelists
andrés_caicedo	male short
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
hélène_lenoir	french women writers
dhimitër_xhuvani	albanian male
donald_barr_chidsey	american from
abdul_qayum_:imam	british births
edmund_wilson	american from
regina_doman	21st-century women
choi_in-ho	south births
doug_worgul	american of
peter_demant	russian male
barbara_bloom	american television writers
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
brian_lumley	english english
hilja_haapala	20th-century women
robert_aron	french deaths
charles_frederick_williams	people deaths
bill_coffin	american from
andre_norton	american american novelists
brendan_o'carroll	irish from
richard_mccann	american from
curt_goetz	german male
benigna_marie_of_reuss-ebersdorf	portuguese births
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
orson_spencer	american from
bob_haney	american age
nouritza_matossian	english births
france_bevk	slovenian from
paula_broadwell	american from
fatima_meer	south african
hermann_kasack	german german
einosuke_itō	japanese deaths
gabrielle_stanton	american television writers
carol_weston	american from
dmitry_gordon	ukrainian births
margaret_yorke	20th-century births novelists
matt_jones_:writer	living people
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
aleksander_świętochowski	polish from
constantin_stamati-ciurea	people from
george_wyatt_:writer	english deaths
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
elizabeth_lyle_saxon	american deaths
elizabeth_lyle_saxon	american deaths
michael_i.wagner	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
peter_ling	english births
bart_bull	american of birth
hélé_béji	filipino births
ernest_marwick	scottish deaths
rebecca_hanover	american television writers
miruna_runcan	romanian births
gregory_austin_mcconnell	american male
emma_haché	canadian canadian novelists
mağjan_jumabayev	people deaths
hervé_bazin	french french
christie_harris	canadian from
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
reinhold_weege	american television
monica_arac_de_nyeko	ugandan women
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
nagavally_r._s._kurup	indian film
gregory_austin_mcconnell	american male
rassundari_devi	bengali writers
dave_smeds	american american short
andy_borowitz	american from
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
chester_himes	american from
adam_begley	american from
oz_clarke	english births
emma_richler	21st-century canadian short
gene_levitt	american television
archie_goodwin_:comics	american age
richard_rubin_:writer	american from
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
rabina_khan	british of
don_perrin	canadian from
adolf_fischhof	people male
philip_rosenthal	american television writers
alex_flinn	american women novelists
raoul_vaneigem	belgian births
philip_kreiner	canadian canadian novelists
hu_lancheng	people deaths
mahim_bora	marc t. is an american writer writer and
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
arthur_frommer	american from
nikos_perakis	living people
arthur_findlay	people deaths
andre_dubus	american american novelists
cortney_lance_bledsoe	american women
goffredo_alessandrini	italian births
adrian_james_martyn	irish births
muthoni_likimani	mexican women
gore_vidal	american from
anthony_hartley	british births
robert_boswell	american births
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
hryhorii_epik	ukrainian of
mitch_berman	american american novelists
darcy_frey	american of
rainer_langhans	living people
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
marianne_csaky	writers from
max_blecher	romanian novelists
e.b.white	american from
phil_ford_:writer	british television
mavis_nicholson	british births
muhammed_bozdağ	turkish people
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
daniel_scott_:writer	american american novelists
mark_richard	american from
henry_bond	english births
amy_peikoff	american from
brian_leung_:author	american of
nick_crittenden_:writer	british of
adam_radwanski	canadian from
festus_iyayi	nigerian births
david_jay_brown	american from novelists
carolyn_males	american women novelists
nikolai_leykin	russian male
gregory_austin_mcconnell	american male
pierre_de_jarric	french male
george_forrest_:author	american from
muhammed_bozdağ	turkish people
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
asma_gull_hasan	american of
dugald_steer	english births writers
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
ali_bey_huseynzade	azerbaijani deaths
michael_sledge	american male
deborah_a.miranda	american american
moacyr_scliar	brazilian deaths
marie_luise_droop	german male
anthony_:writer	year of birth
dennis_o'neil	american comics
barry_unsworth	english of
alvin_boretz	american from
nicholas_sparks	american american
gerit_quealy	american from
ben_t.elliott	american births
carol_dunlop	canadian from
giddens_ko	people deaths
arthur_frommer	american from
mark_richard	american from
amos_oz	israeli novelists
claude_jeancolas	french births
brenda_chapman	american film
glória_perez	slovenian births
randy_cohen	american of
igor_mandić	croatian novelists
ram_shankar_tripathi	indian writers
david_nekrutman	american people
bill_thompson_:technology_writer	english of
dan_rhodes	people of
patrick_mchale_:artist	american male
paul_avila_mayer	american television
brian_keenan_:writer	people of
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
a.whitney_brown	american television
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
david_d.levine	american science short
remo_forlani	french male
charles_sheehan-miles	american from
parijat_:writer	20th-century novelists
azar_nafisi	saudi arabian
miles_franklin	20th-century women writers
françois_duprat	french births
harold_schechter	american from novelists
faturananda	people from
ferdinand_brunetière	french deaths
george_ade	american american
neal_stephenson	american male novelists
bhisham_sahni	indian from
han_sorya	20th-century births
ardeshir_irani	indian film
ed_greenwood	dungeons game dragons
bret_hart	canadian from
candy_dawson_boyd	american from
richard_bruce_nugent	american from
rafael_sabatini	english births
g.k.govinda_rao	indian of
frédéric_marcelin	croatian novelists
max_ehrmann	american births
mary_francis_shura	american women novelists
ari_berk	american american novelists
mavor_moore	canadian male
paul_di_filippo	american american short
mariano_josé_de_larra	spanish spanish
eugenio_vegas_latapie	spanish births
alfredo_armas_alfonzo	venezuelan births
eoin_mcnamee	australian from
pío_baroja	spanish births
rashaan_nall	american male
pierre_nothomb	belgian from
martin_segon	serbian of
ed_solomon	american television
alan_wrigley	australian of
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
aisha_muharrar	american television
gustavo_álvarez_gardeazábal	chilean births
mat_johnson	american from
frances_paige	21st-century women novelists
abdallah_marrash	people of
mikal_sylten	norwegian births
anvar_mammadkhanli	ukrainian deaths
glenda_millard	australian women writers
hedda_zinner	german of
donna_williams	australian from
matthew_reilly	australian births
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
marielle_heller	living people
matteo_pistono	living people
eva_strittmatter	german women writers
antonio_ros_de_olano	polish births
brian_jacques	english births
michele_zackheim	21st-century women novelists
dan_michel_of_northgate	english deaths
gerald_reece	english of
ali_bey_huseynzade	azerbaijani deaths
david_de_vries	australian births
muhammed_bozdağ	turkish people
andrew_grant_:writer	british of
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
rafael_pérez_y_pérez	spanish spanish
adam_browne	australian births
alison_hume	year women writers
alexander_zhitinsky	russian births
alexei_perry	canadian of writers
achy_obejas	american american
david_vern_reed	american comics
alan_mak_:director	hong kong
gregory_norman_bossert	american american short
mary_kennedy	irish births
amaresh_misra	telugu of birth missing
chaman_nahal	indian from
max_gallo	french people
rob_nanninga	dutch deaths
gerit_quealy	american from
mike_carey_:writer	english of
dave_lowry_:martial_arts	american of
george_macovescu	romanian from
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
frederick_simpich	american deaths
pola_gojawiczyńska	polish from
barbara_love	american women writers
pingali_nagendrarao	indian from
carlos_monsiváis	mexican births
andrew_chambliss	american television writers
cheryl_rubenberg	people of
maria_antònia_oliver_cabrer	spanish writers
morris_lurie	australian australian
alexander_grin	russian male
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
c.radhakrishnan	indian male
michael_korda	british of
matthias_politycki	german women
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
douglas_e.winter	american births
peter_david	american from novelists
anna_fienberg	australian children's writers
ethan_gross	american of birth
navid_kermani	living births
craig_hickman	american from
douglas_murray_:author	people of
gwendoline_butler	20th-century women novelists
heinz_liepmann	german deaths
dennis_spooner	english births
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
edward_kopówka	polish from
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
etgar_keret	israeli births
alexander_goldstein_:writer	russian novelists
alexei_maxim_russell	canadian canadian novelists
donald_clarke_:writer	american births
meghan_clyne	american of birth
per_ahlmark	swedish of
nick_twinamatsiko	ugandan women
enrique_larreta	argentine births
geoff_ryman	21st-century male novelists
ekalavyan_:novelist	indian male
chris_sheridan_:writer	american male
robert_faesi	swiss births
pierre_mornand	french births
bajazid_doda	people deaths
frank_manley	american american
hassan_poladi	living births
neil_tolkin	canadian of birth
pier_antonio_quarantotti_gambini	italian italian
barry_blitzer	american from
frank_s.pepper	british of
david_e.kelley	american television
michael_cisco	american american novelists
ramkumar_mukhopadhyay	indian writers
ali_mohammad_afghani	iranian births
michael_jackson_:writer	english educated
andrés_useche	american births
hilja_haapala	20th-century women
bohumil_hrabal	austrian births
dalton_delan	american television
cintra_wilson	american women
gardner_fox	american comics
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
chromatic_:programmer	american people writers
antony_jay	people of
george_turner_:writer	australian science fiction
anita_pratap	indian women writers
paul_lalonde	living of birth
alice_sebold	21st-century women
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
dimbeswar_neog	asom from
herman_miller_:writer	american television
astrid_roemer	surinamese births
cao_xueqin	iranian dynasty
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
don_quinn	people deaths
octavio_paz	mexican women
estela_canto	argentine women
adam_gopnik	american from
akshay_chandra_sharma	indian from
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
e.b.white	american from
heinz_politzer	american jews
andrei_vartic	moldovan writers
marilyn_jaye_lewis	american births
geneviève_billette	canadian canadian novelists
ian_macpherson_:comedian	irish births
bjørnstjerne_bjørnson	norwegian norwegian
peter_sotos	american people
etienne_leroux	south deaths
christopher_levett	english deaths
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
mikey_walsh	english births
frank_decaro	american from
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
ram_punjwani	indian from
bárður_oskarsson	south births
henri_nathansen	male male
raphaël_millet	french births
marusya_klimova	romanian births
ram_sarup_ankhi	indian from
colleen_gleason	american women novelists
bernard_gordon_:writer	american from
hermann_broch	austrian deaths
peter_brimelow	american from
ritam_chowdhury	living people
aziz_nesin	turkish births
graham_downs	south african
midori_:author	american from
claw_money	american from
hervé_bazin	french french
ram_sarup_ankhi	indian from
eryue_he	pakistani births
masahiko_shimada	japanese japanese
mercer_mayer	american from
daniel_vávra	video game
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
david_shore	canadian from
edythe_mae_gordon	american from
ante_kovačić	people deaths
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
oliver_la_farge	american american
norman_franks	people births
claude_mckay	people people
gyula_hernádi	hungarian male
mehdi_halıcı	turkish births
anura_c.perera	sri lankan
agah_efendi	ottoman deaths
george_forrest_:author	american from
miguel_ángel_villar_pinto	spanish births
mick_jackson_:author	english births
mitchell_burgess	american television writers
david_weir_:writer	british births
elizabeth_sarnoff	american television writers
allen_barnett_:writer	american from
maxime_du_camp	french french
henry_liu	20th-century from
alistair_paterson	new zealand
august_derleth	american american novelists
cora_taylor	canadian women writers
charles_dickens	english male
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
franco_solinas	italian male
cynthia_ozick	american american
antoinette_jadaone	filipino film directors
camilla_läckberg	21st-century women
peter_coleman	australian of
rabina_khan	british of
brett_borgen	norwegian women
camilla_läckberg	21st-century women
duarte_barbosa	portuguese births
muhammad_husain_azad	indian from
craig_hinton	20th-century short
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
holly_smale	english of birth missing
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
david_rowley	year of birth
harold_acton	english of
iain_sinclair	alumni of
richard_strange	english male
mary_daheim	american women novelists
beatríz_peniche_barrera	mexican women writers
alan_woo	21st-century canadian novelists
aravind_adiga	20th-century births
a.s.gnanasambandan	indian writers
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
alasdair_gray	british of
desmond_hogan	irish short
mridula_garg	indian writers
peter_morgan	english of
n.k.jemisin	n. births is is a writer writer and
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
gerry_hunt	british of
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
charles_dunster	english deaths
mel_tolkin	american male
rajzel_żychlińsky	american american
mohammad-reza_shafiei_kadkani	iranian from
eva_norvind	norwegian women
michael_conforti	american television writers
grant_allen	canadian from
giorgio_faletti	italian births
fortune_feimster	american television
edith_bruck	20th-century women
raymond_mortimer	people of
arturo_ambrogi	20th-century male
dragomir_brajković	serbian from
maria_elizabetha_jacson	19th-century women writers
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
alana_lowes	australian from
megan_ganz	american of birth missing
nancy_etchemendy	american american novelists
adam_c.engst	american from
navid_kermani	living births
arnold_stadler	german women
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
denise_robertson	english of
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
howard_w.bergerson	american from
archie_goodwin_:comics	american age
mary_de_morgan	19th-century women
goffredo_parise	italian male
denis_gifford	british writers
abelardo_castillo	argentine argentine
alexander_grin	russian male
michelle_mclean	living universe
maria_jacquemetton	american television writers
georgi_vladimov	russian writers
charles_willeford	american from
boris_savinkov	russian writers
gerry_conway	american male
monique_polak	canadian women writers
rick_copp	american from
rajiva_wijesinha	south of
meg_medina	american from
philip_pullman	english of
gordon_lish	american american novelists
benjamin_radford	american of birth
anselmo_suárez_y_romero	guatemalan novelists
ariel_levy	american american
h.l.gold	american american short
gleb_uspensky	russian male
greg_garrett_:writer	american of
bernard_werber	french french novelists
gopal_mayekar	people writers
eugene_george_key	american american novelists
fatima_besnaci-lancou	21st-century women writers
alissa_nutting	21st-century of novelists
anthony_berkeley_cox	english of
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
perley_poore_sheehan	american from
pierre_ryckmans_:writer	21st-century births
garlieb_merkel	german deaths
mark_blagrave	canadian canadian novelists
nihal_atsız	turkish writers
david_biespiel	american from
aslak_dørum	norwegian births
matthieu_ricard	french births
malcolm_hulke	michael j. is is an writer writer and and
fred_stenson_:writer	canadian from
nathan_thrall	american from
david_callaham	american births
richard_e._kim	american writers
elie_wiesel	american american
fran_striker	american from
aman_nath	indian of
mariangelo_accorso	italian encyclopaedia
muallim_naci	people deaths
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
mia_couto	20th-century short
rajzel_żychlińsky	american american
c.j.sansom	british of
nina_berberova	russian russian
g.waldo_dunnington	american from
angelina_acuña	20th-century women
petr_placák	living births
erika_cheetham	english deaths
margot_bennett_:writer	20th-century women fiction
george_leonard	american from
giulia_enders	german women writers
ching_he_huang	british of
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
c.s.rao_:writer	filipino births
massimo_del_pizzo	living of fiction
countess_dash	french french writers
benjamin_demott	american from
barry_blitzer	american from
george_saunders	american from
anšlavs_eglītis	latvian deaths
haemi_balgassi	american of of
augusten_burroughs	lgbt from
annabelle_white	new zealand writers
elie_wiesel	american american
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
gail_z.martin	american women novelists
donna_andrews_:author	american women novelists
amy_peikoff	american from
ahmad_bashir	pakistani from
barbara_wood	american women novelists
francesca_duranti	italian women
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
artur_augusto_da_silva	cape verdean
naoko_hayashiba	japanese japanese
fran_detela	slovenian of
barbara_dawson_smith	21st-century women writers
fernando_gonçalves_namora	people births
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
henry_miller	american from
pat_condell	english educated
pramod_raman	indian women short
anthony_bidulka	canadian canadian
dalton_delan	american television
na_do-hyang	south births
milovan_vitezović	serbian of
ann_chamberlin	21st-century women novelists
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
maurice_tillieux	people births
christiane_koren	norwegian norwegian writers
dan_harmon	american television
alexander_goldstein_:writer	russian novelists
micha_josef_berdyczewski	russian writers
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
ameer_idreis	canadian canadian novelists
patricia_wentworth	20th-century women novelists
peter_s._fischer	american television
bart_kosko	american from
danny_baker	english educated
marjorie_celona	21st-century women novelists
norberto_romualdez	people writers
maria_koleva	french births
champat_rai_jain	people births
chad_holt	american from
ginger_wadsworth	american women writers
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
mike_resnick	american american novelists
rajesh_vankar	indian writers
george_griffith	british of
emmanuèle_bernheim	french french writers
eugenio_vegas_latapie	spanish births
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
anita_bharti	20th-century women writers
david_l.hough	american of
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
neal_kozodoy	living people
guillermo_meneses	venezuelan births
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
edem_awumey	canadian canadian
richard_johnson_:16th_century	people women writers
pierre_de_jarric	french male
norris_mcwhirter	people of
pierre_béarn	french french
richard_reeves_:british_author	british people
antal_stašek	19th-century of
charlotte_elizabeth_tonna	english women writers
pat_rosier	new zealand
etgar_keret	israeli births
ellen_galford	canadian of novelists
robert_frazier_:writer	american science short
evan_solomon	canadian people
merho	living births
ben_sherwood	american from
bodine_boling	american births
n.m._mohan	indian writers
adolf_brand	german deaths
george_tofan	romanian from
rajko_perušek	slovenian writers
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
hannah_friedman	american from
melissa_panarello	italian people
fernando_argenta	spanish male
dan_vyleta	canadian from
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
arturo_jauretche	argentine essayists
nino_nakashidze	20th-century women
martin_van_beynen	21st-century from
melissa_lucashenko	australian women
alan_moore	english births
natalie_jane_prior	australian children's
carlos_labbé	chilean births
banine	azerbaijani from
e.m.ashraf	indian from kerala
clara_tschudi	norwegian deaths
mir-jam	20th-century novelists
peter_applebome	american from
petraq_zoto	20th-century short
philip_e._tetlock	canadian of
miguel_otero_silva	20th-century from
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
h.scott_hughes	american from
abubakar_imam	south of
ben_stein	american male
herminie_templeton_kavanagh	english english
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
brad_linaweaver	american american novelists
peter_ocko	american television writers
birendra_kumar_bhattacharya	indian from
alex_shoumatoff	american from
duane_ackerson	american american novelists
audre_lorde	american american
brian_trueman	british television
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
marjorie_celona	21st-century women novelists
randy_cohen	american of
aaron_ehasz	american television writers
amanda_kyle_williams	american women novelists
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
harold_cronk	american births
raphael_shore	canadian births
atiq_rahimi	french births
patrick_califia	american from
cheryl_lanham	21st-century women novelists
bahia_mahmud_awah	people of
per_olof_sundman	people births
chris_rafferty	american television writers
rasul_rza	azerbaijani from
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
cathryn_humphris	american television birth
benedict_allen	english of
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
antónio_gonçalves_de_bandarra	portuguese births
elizabeth_burgoyne_corbett	19th-century deaths
maude_kegg	american women writers
naomi_novik	american american novelists
masahiko_shimada	japanese japanese
mehdi_halıcı	turkish births
elie_wiesel	american american
deborah_eisenberg	american from
cherríe_moraga	american american
randall_jahnson	american male
al_feldstein	american from
armstrong_sperry	american from
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
hubert_harrison	american of
nick_spencer	american of birth
meg_rosoff	21st-century of
arthur_bernède	20th-century french
richard_christian_matheson	american american
ernest_holmes	american from
bernard_gordon_:writer	american from
frank_spotnitz	american television writers
michael_lent_:writer_and_producer	american male
pamela_morsi	american women novelists
paul_lorck_eidem	norwegian norwegian
paul_rohrbach	german births
ed_driscoll	american of birth
alexander_laurence	american from
paul_rogers_:novelist	american from
paul_heyse	german german
brenda_chapman_:writer	21st-century women novelists
mike_mcquay	american american short
hiroko_takenishi	japanese births
chris_marker	french male
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
richard_bartle	british people
carlos_trillo	people writers
mildred_cram	american births
frédéric_beigbeder	french french
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
charles_quentin_fernie_pope	new zealand
christopher_robbins	british births
gregory_norman_bossert	american american short
alois_jirásek	austrian births
margaret_ryan	year of fiction
bernardo_vega	dominican republic
h.rider_haggard	english male
nick_twinamatsiko	ugandan women
carrie_kemper	american television birth
norman_corwin	american male novelists
rick_rofihe	canadian canadian novelists
charles_gordon_:journalist	canadian canadian
adrian_cristobal	people births
edward_mcwade	american male
david_rakoff	american american
adam_browne	australian births
arthur_morrison	english english
claudia_casper	21st-century women short
anne_mcallister	american romantic novelists
nuno_bernardo	american television
chen_ran	20th-century ran
paula_fox	american women novelists
david_rakoff	american american
charles_willeford	american from
mark_budz	american american novelists
richard_newman_:broadcaster	lgbt male
michael_shermer	american from
robert_clark_young	american male
disappearance_of_susan_walsh	american male
e.hoffmann_price	american american short
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
chen_ran	20th-century ran
michael_moorcock	english science
maria_popova	american births
ravi_belagere	living people
milly_witkop	german births
gordon_stewart_anderson	canadian from
park_hyoung-su	living korean
alan_campbell_:screenwriter	american from
angela_slatter	australian women writers
emma_haché	canadian canadian novelists
ahmed_baba_miské	mauritanian deaths
rachel_manley	canadian women writers
carol_windley	canadian canadian novelists
monica_langley	american of
eliza_sproat_turner	american american
catherine_millet	french women
benudhar_rajkhowa	asom from
frank_c.matthews	american from
george_tabori	people from
fred_stenson_:writer	canadian from
alan_bradley_:writer	21st-century from
pascual_h._poblete	belgian writers
igor_guberman	russian male
nikolai_naumov	russian male
fred_dekker	american births
claire_mowat	canadian women writers
nathan_burgoine	canadian canadian novelists
catherine_lacey_:author	american american
debra_spark	american from
george_anania	romanian novelists
carleton_mabee	american from
david_a.kaplan	american of
françois_rabelais	french male
beth_schwartz	american television birth
ndyakira_amooti	year of
panchu_arunachalam	indian film
petr_placák	living births
günter_wallraff	german births
derek_blasberg	american from
albert_cossery	20th-century novelists
peter_james_:writer	english births
nuray_lale	living women
burnie_burns	american male
maura_johnston	american women writers
edith_bruck	20th-century women
gustaw_herling-grudziński	polish from
besnik_mustafaj	people male
evelyn_e.smith	20th-century women novelists
robert_hull	american television writers
robert_gardner_:academic	canadian from
cheryl_rubenberg	people of
abdul_muis	2nd-century births
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
christopher_oscanyan	american deaths
david_j.howe	british writers
michael_sledge	american male
andrey_dashkov	people of
nicolae_negru	moldovan writers
fortune_feimster	american television
richard_sharpe_shaver	american american short
richard_jefferies	english births
milo_urban	spanish writers
danielle_walker	american women
bruce_marshall	people of
ramon_saizarbitoria	living people
pero_budmani	serbian serbian
pamela_allen	australian from writers
drew_denbaum	american male
adèle_geras	20th-century women novelists
elsie_locke	new zealand
gustavo_charif	people births
brad_gooch	american from
doris_piserchia	american women novelists
michael_zarnock	american male
maryline_desbiolles	21st-century women
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
peter_stanford	english births
garth_nix	australian from
andré_pieyre_de_mandiargues	french french
merch_bradt_stewart	american from
merata_kawharu	south zealand
damion_dietz	american of birth
maria_theresa_lewis	people deaths
eldridge_cleaver	american from
ananda_chandra_agarwala	indian from
balakumaran	indian indian
milan_paroški	serbian of
michael_s._moore	american american novelists
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
ayi_kwei_armah	american people
greg_bear	american american novelists
hari_krishna_devsare	indian writers
pavel_prudnikau	people from
per_schwenzen	norwegian norwegian
ramon_saizarbitoria	living people
conrad_rooks	american male
paul_cottin	french deaths
anthony_burgess	english from
pauline_johnson	canadian women
nawal_el_saadawi	egyptian people
mohamed_driss	british of
celeste_ng	american from of
claudio_sanchez	american births
charles_frederick_williams	people deaths
bret_hart	canadian from
francisco_bilbao	people deaths
betty_friedan	american american
paulo_setúbal	brazilian births
paul_rohrbach	german births
nawal_el_saadawi	egyptian people
antonio_alcalá_venceslada	spanish births
dante_troisi	italian male
hervé_bazin	french french
marion_chesney	21st-century women fiction
antónio_gonçalves_de_bandarra	portuguese births
anatoly_kasheida	ukrainian from
norman_douglas	english of
bret_hart	canadian from
gisèle_prassinos	20th-century women
robert_marasco	american male dramatists
birgitta_trotzig	swedish from
gokulchandra_nag	bengali deaths
fiona_fox_:press_officer	people of
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
hitonari_tsuji	japanese births
dagon_taya	burmese births
herminio_portell_vilá	puerto deaths
amina_mama	21st-century of
marie_hermanson	swedish women
edith_josie	canadian from
géza_bereményi	hungarian male
don_dagradi	american male
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
nigel_calder	english educated
duncan_regehr	canadian from
alix_kates_shulman	21st-century women novelists
henry_rice_:writer	british births
helen_van_pelt_wilson	american from
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
clifford_bax	english from
damon_lindelof	american television
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
matthew_quick	american from novelists
brian_dooley	people births
antony_jay	people of
dennis_kelly	english male
max_gladstone	american american novelists
andrew_kreisberg	american television
meša_selimović	serbian from
gregory_norman_bossert	american american short
maxim_gorky	russian male
bruce_feiler	american from
hans-otto_meissner	german deaths
alix_bosco	new zealand writers
eliza_clark_:author	canadian women writers
richard_pursel	american people
phyllis_chesler	american from
evan_dunsky	american television writers
richard_christian_matheson	american american
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
richard_glatzer	american from
emanuel_litvinoff	english from
e.vasu	indian indian
mark_blagrave	canadian canadian novelists
achille_campanile	italian male
claude_bourdet	german from
mihail_șerban_:writer	romanian novelists
elizabeth_jolley	20th-century short
mykhailo_yalovy	ukrainian deaths
aliki_theofilopoulos_grafft	american births
gunnel_vallquist	swedish swedish
dennis_marks_:screenwriter	american television
nandita_da_cunha	living of
bret_hart	canadian from
fenton_johnson	american american
bonnie_clearwater	american from
ahmet_zappa	american male
aravind_adiga	20th-century births
philip_k._dick	american american
michael_pryor	australian people
morten_piil	living births
adam_kuckhoff	german german
charles_dickens	english male
philip_ball	english of
mignon_fogarty	american people writers
nagen_saikia	indian indian
annette_lapointe	canadian women
birendra_kumar_bhuyan	indian from
han_su-san	south korean
max_bunker	living births
maureen_child	21st-century women novelists
david_wohl	american comics
alessandro_defilippi	year of birth
adolf_fierla	polish from
feodor_gladkov	russian male
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
neil_macfarquhar	american of
françois_weyergans	french births
doug_levitt	american births
connie_willis	american american novelists
marguerite_florence_laura_jarvis	people deaths
allen_r.morris	american from
per_ahlmark	swedish of
nay_myo_thant	burmese writers
hutton_gibson	american from
charles_wisner_barrell	people deaths
david_garnett	20th-century short
daniel_vovak	american from
antônio_olinto	brazilian deaths
i.dragoslav	romanian short
peter_demant	russian male
paul_merton	english male
alexandre_beljame	french deaths
diana_e.h.russell	south african
danton_remoto	filipino births
diana_hart	canadian people
mercedes_valdivieso	20th-century women
meto_jovanovski_:writer	living writers
franz_kafka	austrian births
elaine_sciolino	american of
panas_myrny	ukrainian male
carole_mortimer	20th-century romantic fiction
guðbergur_bergsson	norwegian births
constance_heaven	20th-century romantic novelists
hugh_mcilvanney	british of
hovhannes_tumanyan	armenian armenian
graham_duff	english births
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
michael_a._burstein	american american short
nikolai_virta	russian male
alexandre_del_valle	french people
harry_browne	american from
benjamin_cheever	american american novelists
anabel_ochoa	spanish births
gustav_wied	male male
richard_mabey	english of
peter_rabe	american american novelists
david_chase	american television
nikolai_uspensky	russian russian
ian_rankin	british of
chris_stedman	american from
dobrica_erić	serbian of
martin_boyd	australian short
rajesh_vankar	indian writers
ned_vizzini	american american
peter_kosminsky	english male
ali_ashraf_darvishian	iranian births
adam_small_:writer	afrikaans-language of
clare_winger_harris	american american short
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
clara_sereni	italian women
chen_danyan	people women
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
aziz_nesin	turkish births
bjørnstjerne_bjørnson	norwegian norwegian
alexander_robertson_macewen	scottish of
folco_de_baroncelli-javon	french deaths
michael_g._coney	20th-century births novelists
barbara_leonie_picard	20th-century women writers
donald_j.sobol	american from
moacyr_scliar	brazilian deaths
andrius_tapinas	lithuanian novelists
marie_luise_droop	german male
alexandru_hâjdeu	russian births
bharati_mukherjee	21st-century women novelists
david_j.bradley	american from
eshwar_sundaresan	indian film
charmaine_cadeau	21st-century canadian novelists
anne_gregg	people births
alessandro_d'avenia	italian births writers
antonino_mango_di_casalgerardo	italian male
pam_brady	american television writers
alan_gibbons	english births
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
harriet_ann_jacobs	american from
robert_gottlieb	american from
ezra_jack_keats	american of
fereshteh_molavi	iranian births
n._khelchandra_singh	indian from
amy_hempel	american from
rinki_bhattacharya	indian people
ana_maria_machado	brazilian women
namita_gokhale	indian women writers
audrey_erskine_lindop	english births novelists
hagop_baronian	armenian deaths
maud_de_belleroche	21st-century women writers
anne_villeneuve	canadian from
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
ebrahim_al-arrayedh	people deaths
antonio_de_molina	year of birth missing
maxime_du_camp	french french
arnold_bennett	english male
duncan_rouleau	year of birth
alan_wrigley	australian of
