bob_ellis	australian from
potturi_vijayalakshmi	living people
andré_pieyre_de_mandiargues	french french
hal_clement	american science novelists
bryan_gruley	american american novelists
caroline_dale_snedeker	american from
david_milofsky	american american short
frank_manley	american american
dennis_eichhorn	american from
christine_feehan	american women novelists
r._g._de_s._wettimuny	theravada deaths
robert_kanigher	american comics
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
hrvoje_hitrec	croatian novelists
mary_e._pearson	american of writers
christopher_h.bidmead	people of
alain_damasio	french french
andrew_j.lewis	year of birth missing
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
michael_s._chernuchin	american television
neil_innes	english births
anup_singh_choudry	bangladeshi of
marti_leimbach	21st-century women novelists
pavel_prudnikau	people from
don_dickinson	canadian canadian novelists
paul_jennings_:australian_author	australian australian
david_seals	american american novelists
anne_bragance	21st-century women writers
phillips_lord	american from
donald_burgett	american of
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
friedrich_von_sallet	german from
melchior_lengyel	hungarian dramatists
bárður_oskarsson	south births
fernando_sabino	brazilian novelists
andrew_michael_hurley	british of birth missing
matthew_weiner	american television
france_bevk	slovenian from
catherine_chung	american american novelists
meša_selimović	serbian from
iffat_ara	bangladeshi writers
paullina_simons	writers from
georgi_pulevski	people deaths
albert_dorrington	20th-century births
milly_witkop	german births
pauline_johnson	canadian women
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
emma_maria_pearson	english deaths
fremont_rider	american from
pierre_bellemare	french male
meredith_averill	american television
peter_brimelow	american from
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
banine	azerbaijani from
richard_walton	american from
maría_larraín_de_vicuña	chilean deaths
muallim_naci	people deaths
mike_thomas_:author	british births
henry_jones_:writer	english births
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
andrei_lupan	moldovan writers
angela_narth	canadian children's writers
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
achille_campanile	italian male
richard_rodriguez	american from
al_weisel	american from
martin_crilly	australian from
robb_white	american american
arthur_c.clarke	english from
donald_james	british of
assaf_inbari	israeli novelists
norman_levine	canadian canadian novelists
edward_pasewicz	polish deaths
patti_kim_:writer	american women
ellen_anne_hewett	people births
george_pérez	american comics
ali_smith	20th-century of
bill_thompson_:technology_writer	english of
maureen_herman	living people
maria_elsa_da_rocha	20th-century women
pierre_morency	canadian from
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
mary_downing_hahn	21st-century women novelists
pedro_de_morales	15th-century deaths
peter_brookesmith	living births
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
diana_ossana	american television
françois-thomas-marie_de_baculard_d'arnaud	french french
blair_mastbaum	lgbt american
marguerite_rawalt	american deaths
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
gary_tillery	american from
alessandro_piperno	italian births
ghazaros_aghayan	armenian deaths
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
alana_i.capria	american american
chris_d'lacey	people births
marion_hargrove	american from
gadul_singh_lama	indian male
nancy_weber	21st-century women
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
andrew_klavan	american american
fujisawa_shu	japanese births
allegra_huston	english from
beverly_cleary	american from
mervyn_wall	irish irish
david_horowitz	american from
graham_joyce	english births
carolyn_reeder	american women novelists
d.j.grothe	american from
david_jacobs_:writer	american television writers
don_roff	american male novelists
nobuo_kojima	south births
maria_antònia_oliver_cabrer	spanish writers
multatuli	dutch deaths
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
dorothy_sterling	american women
georges_ribemont-dessaignes	french french
heather_elizabeth_apple	canadian women writers
e.lockhart	american from
alfonso_gumucio_dagron	20th-century from
martina_cole	english births
perihan_mağden	turkish people
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
anton_van_wilderode	flemish belgian
nikifor_mran'ka	people deaths
maurice_mierau	canadian from
elizabeth_cobbold	19th-century women
peter_simpson_:writer	new of
hugh_b.cave	english english
claude_bessy_:writer	french male
francis_leslie_ashton	20th-century women novelists
maria_dąbrowska	20th-century novelists
olivier_weber	french french
marv_goldberg	american people
p._d._james	english of
dennis_mallonee	american comics
henri_deberly	french french
barry_unsworth	english of
petro_marko	albanian short
delight_evans	american of
gerlind_reinshagen	german women
ricky_lo	filipino people
harry_leslie_smith	english of
peter_nowalk	american from
carmen_dolores	brazilian women
aziz_nesin	turkish births
edward_r.pease	english of
matt_selman	american television writers
colin_dexter	english of
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
gerald_mcmorrow	british film
michael_g._coney	20th-century births novelists
paul_lorck_eidem	norwegian norwegian
abu_rushd	bangladeshi of
eric_m.witchey	american american short
frankétienne	haitian dramatists
r.c.lehmann	dominican from
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
nathan_birnbaum	austrian deaths
felipe_mellizo	spanish male
a.sheriff	indian births
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
alberto_arbasino	italian births
chinthana_dharmadasa	living births
nikolai_zlatovratsky	imperial russian
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
humberto_costantini	argentine women
marjorie_celona	21st-century women novelists
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
richard_bartle	british people
angus_allan	people births
chris_zook	american of
edward_lewes_cutts	english deaths
mildred_noble	american women
mark_a._altman	american television writers
reidar_thomassen	norwegian norwegian
bhisham_sahni	indian from
pep_bertran	living people
blaize_clement	american women novelists
maureen_howard	american american
david_armand_:author	american male
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
peter_tennant	english births
richard_arès	canadian from
anar_rzayev	azerbaijani azerbaijani
martin_lodewijk	living births
rachel_axler	american television birth
chris_collins_:writer	american television writers
hannah_more	english women
ahmad_baba_al_massufi	people births
robert_costa_:journalist	american of
alexandru_bantoș	moldovan writers
pierre_morency	canadian from
motohiko_izawa	japanese japanese
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
richard_hakluyt	english deaths
conrad_aiken	american american
frédéric-auguste_cazals	people deaths
mark_fisher_:theorist	english people
g.k.chesterton	english male
herbert_achternbusch	german german
bakdi_soemanto	indonesian writers
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
mirabel_osler	english women writers
franz_hessel	german deaths
owen_kildare	american american novelists
norberto_romualdez	people writers
george_monbiot	british of
emilio_rabasa	austrian deaths
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
harry_lawton	american from
benedict_kiely	irish irish
cynthia_kadohata	american women writers
eustace_budgell	english deaths
excilia_saldaña	21st-century women
deborah_howe	american births
alvin_toffler	american from
evan_fallenberg	american american
alex_haley	american from
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
pierre_michon	french births
france_bevk	slovenian from
ananda_chandra_barua	indian from
félix_morisseau-leroy	20th-century dramatists
anne_sayre	american women
marjorie_lewty	british women novelists
hélène_rioux	canadian women
anthony_burgess	english from
birgit_zotz	mexican births
esther_seligson	mexican women
bentley_kyle_evans	american television
mkrtich_armen	armenian deaths
rachel_qitsualik-tinsley	canadian women writers
chantal_thomas	french women writers
hans_werner_richter	german of
diego_de_valera	spanish births
bill_odenkirk	american television
abul_bashar	indian writers
claudia_jameson	20th-century romantic fiction
edle_hartmann	norwegian deaths
caroline_anderson_:writer	21st-century women novelists
abdullah_abu_sayeed	bangladeshi of
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
paul_bellini	canadian from
david_de_vries	australian births
nikolai_leykin	russian male
alishetty_prabhakar	indian deaths
david_a.adler	american from
charlotte_dean	american from writers
paul_jennings_:australian_author	australian australian
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
martha_cecilia	living people
gokulchandra_nag	bengali deaths
matthew_ryan_hoge	american film
emma_richler	21st-century canadian short
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
mary_helen_stefaniak	american of
george_mogridge_:old_humphrey	english english
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
emili_teixidor	spanish male
michael_armstrong_:filmmaker	people births
enrique_dussel	argentine from
akira_hori	living births
patricia_matthews	20th-century women novelists
henry_naylor	english male
bo_goldman	american from
otto_tausig	austrian male
africanus_horton	people births
richard_jefferies	english births
charles_perez	american from
mike_resnick	american american novelists
maxim_gorky	russian male
anne_hopkins_aitken	american from
pat_flower	australian women
chi_li	people births
hemant_shesh	indian from
miguel_m.abrahão	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
mirko_breyer	venezuelan births
bejoy_nambiar	indian film directors
radu_pavel_gheo	romanian short
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
perihan_mağden	turkish people
rashid_askari	bangladeshi people
patric_verrone	american from
phil_cooke	living people
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
babette_brown	south african writers
philip_r._craig	american american novelists
byrna_barclay	canadian from
margaret_powell	english of
norris_mcwhirter	people of
benjamin_taylor_:author	american university
elaine_coffman	american romantic novelists
michael_lind	american from
alexandra_shimo	canadian canadian
maurissa_tancharoen	american from
bertrand_m.tipple	american deaths
reidar_thomassen	norwegian norwegian
christine_piper	australian from
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
mircea_nedelciu	romanian novelists
fiona_fox_:press_officer	people of
arto_paasilinna	finnish births
alter_kacyzne	20th-century novelists
bill_pronzini	american american novelists
camilla_cederna	italian women
alex_de_rakoff	british male
erik_diesen	norwegian from
ramsey_campbell	english english
charles_gordon_:journalist	canadian canadian
ota_pavel	austrian births
perihan_mağden	turkish people
aisha_muharrar	american television
francine_prose	american american novelists
e.l.konigsburg	american women writers
pu_songling	iranian from
alter_kacyzne	20th-century novelists
david_a.kaplan	american of
gwendoline_butler	20th-century women novelists
algernon_blackwood	english of
mohinder_pratap_chand	indian from
george_malcher	british of
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
howard_gordon	american television
archie_crail	20th-century canadian dramatists
antoni_bohdziewicz	israeli deaths
awn_alsharif_qasim	people deaths
margaret_roper	english women
anasuya_shankar	indian writers
orrin_keepnews	american from
michael_zarnock	american male
david_wolstencroft	british of
alasdair_gray	british of
mark_clifton	american american novelists
rasul_rza	azerbaijani from
rebecca_walker	american women
marie_ferrarella	american women novelists
alexandra_shimo	canadian canadian
grant_blackwood	american american novelists
chin_ce	living births
omar_ben_salem	people births
frederick_rolfe	english short
miervaldis_birze	people deaths
iain_sinclair	alumni of
ananda_chandra_barua	indian from
carlo_dossi	italian deaths
erica_basnicki	canadian from
pavel_ivanovich_melnikov	imperial russian
i.dragoslav	romanian short
gabrielle_stanton	american television writers
elias_abu_shabaki	dutch deaths
agnes_hewes	american from
martin_kihn	american university
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
boyd_clack	canadian people
robert_a.heinlein	american from
fran_striker	american from
opal_tometi	american of writers
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
perrine_leblanc	canadian canadian novelists
richard_crasta	american male
mary_robison	american american
patrick_white	australian short
ransom_riggs	american people
debbie_moon	21st-century women writers
hiroshi_ando	japanese births
eulalie_spence	american american
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
ben_birdsall	british writers
barry_johnston_:writer	english births
hugh_sebag-montefiore	british births
frank_skinner	english educated
martin_crilly	australian from
angeliki_palli	italian italian
barrie_jean_borich	21st-century women writers
brent_budowsky	american from
clive_coates	japanese births
narendra_luther	living births
ayi_kwei_armah	american people
claire_keegan	21st-century short
amos_luzzatto	italian male
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
florence_noiville	french french
dmitry_begichev	russian deaths
arthur_stanley_riggs	american deaths
mervyn_peake	english from
gilbert_collard	french male
david_carr_:journalist	american from
marie_kohler	american from
percy_janes	canadian from
francis_gibson	19th-century deaths
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
angela_litschev	german women
colum_mccann	american from
eric_chappell	year of birth
mary_turzillo	21st-century american novelists
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
edward_kopówka	polish from
nikolai_tikhonov_:writer	russian short
alexander_yashin	ukrainian deaths
anatol_codru	moldovan births
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
robert_gittler	american of
alan_woo	21st-century canadian novelists
elizabeth_carpenter	american from
gary_myers_:writer	american american short
christopher_priest_:comics	american comics
fazil_iskander	russian short
emily_newell_blair	american from
elmer_clifton	american male
donald_gallinger	american american short
maría_larraín_de_vicuña	chilean deaths
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
ida_baccini	italian women writers
clara_sereni	italian women
bohdan_pawłowicz	israeli deaths
ariel_levy	american american
michel_kilo	syrian of
ante_kovačić	people deaths
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
dirk_philips	flemish from
eliza_clark_:author	canadian women writers
marianne_farningham	british deaths
andrei_zarin	russian russian
gene_luen_yang	american from
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
ndyakira_amooti	year of
oz_clarke	english births
emily_arnold_mccully	american from
bejoy_nambiar	indian film directors
norman_lowell	living births
eileen_albrizio	american women
amy_keating_rogers	american television writers
freda_cruse_atwell	american women writers
alois_jirásek	austrian births
deviprasad_dwivedi	indian writers
meredith_haaf	german women writers
alvin_schwartz_:comics	american comics
deborah_hopkinson	american children's
berton_roueché	american from
paul_reed_:writer	american american
danton_remoto	filipino births
bajazid_doda	people deaths
brad_falchuk	american television writers
burnie_burns	american male
don_bosco_:author	south births
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
erhard_frommhold	people deaths
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
paula_broadwell	american from
everett_b.cole	american male short
genevieve_clay	australian births
don_mcgregor	american comics
friedrich_huch	german deaths
rafiq_husain	indian of
alison_uttley	english births
percival_everett	american american
gertrude_bell	english of
ashfaq_ahmed	pakistani from
olga_shapir	russian short
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
may_theilgaard_watts	american women
michael_angeli	american television writers
david_de_vries	australian births
brian_mcnaughton	american american novelists
amos_tutuola	20th-century births
gay_caswell	syrian of is
raffaele_la_capria	italian italian
margaret_mayo_:novelist	english women novelists
brian_ruckley	scottish of
carla_gericke	american births
maria_agnès_ribera_garau	19th-century women writers
daniil_andreyev	russian male
costa_dillon	american of
bernard_goldberg	american from
emily_barr	21st-century women writers
mika_waltari	finnish births
gerald_vizenor	american american
charles_blackstone	american american novelists
donald_james	british of
edward_l.youmans	american from
alberto_bevilacqua	italian italian
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
qustaki_al-himsi	ottoman deaths
naoko_hayashiba	japanese japanese
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
farhat_ishtiaq	pakistani births
andrei_lupan	moldovan writers
mary_maclane	canadian women
bonnie_mark	american television birth
bruce_helford	american television writers
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
arlynn_leiber_presser	american births
alexandre_jardin	french french novelists
denis_norden	english male
afdhere_jama	american from
daniil_mordovtsev	russian russian
anna-leena_härkönen	20th-century women
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
dennis_spooner	english births
andrei_vartic	moldovan writers
alan_dean_foster	american american novelists
coral_lansbury	australian from
george_elliott_:canadian_writer	20th-century canadian novelists
mary_austin_holley	american births
dan_turèll	male births
mohammed_naseehu_ali	american from
rafael_sabatini	english births
charles_blackstone	american american novelists
imad_rahman	american of
gertrude_bell	english of
myke_cole	american american novelists
nyo_mya	burmese births
herbert_achternbusch	german german
claude_bessy_:writer	french male
mirabel_osler	english women writers
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
george_william_johnson_:writer	english deaths
margaret_wilson_:australian_writer	australian people
remi_adedeji	living births
richard_lane_:writer	australian births
frank_skinner	english educated
peter_bergman_:comedian	american from
owen_wister	american from
claude_ollier	french french novelists
denis_norden	english male
erica_james	20th-century women novelists
michael_g._coney	20th-century births novelists
olivier_weber	french french
cintra_wilson	american women
danielle_trussoni	american from
andy_stanton	english of writers
noel_loomis	american from
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
ian_bone_:author	australian births
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
mykhailo_yalovy	ukrainian deaths
mary_maclane	canadian women
hamid_dizdar	bosnia and
alexander_levitov	russian russian
ernest_kinoy	american from
georges_dessommes	19th-century deaths
gadul_singh_lama	indian male
aaron_shure	american television writers
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
eric_muspratt	australian from
charlotte_von_kalb	german births
carl_gustav_hempel	20th-century from
arnold_zweig	german of
akiva_schaffer	american male
denis_gifford	british writers
matthew_tobin_anderson	american american novelists
david_malouf	australian short
rita_mae_brown	american american
angela_kang	american television writers
ille_takhti	19th-century deaths
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
adrienne_monson	american women novelists
helen_corke	20th-century women
rafael_garcía_serrano	spanish male
omar_kureishi	pakistani of
ilana_mercer	canadian of
andrew_klavan	american american
robert_boswell	american births
peter_coleman	australian of
neal_drinnan	australian short story
mark_linfield	british births
rachid_mimouni	people births
rich_wilson_:journalist	english of
rajendra_yadav	20th-century from
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
ilana_mercer	canadian of
polly_devlin	living people
h.rider_haggard	english male
robert_bausch	21st-century american novelists
pierre_ouellet	canadian canadian novelists
dragomir_brajković	serbian from
franz_lidz	american from
dnyanesh_maharao	indian from
charles_watts_:secularist	english births
parwana_rudaulvi	indian writers
david_morris_:author	american of
pavle_julinac	serbian of
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
paul_biegel	dutch deaths
bev_sellars	canadian women writers
melesina_trench	irish women
david_gurr	20th-century canadian novelists
col_buchanan	21st-century women writers
robert_j.shaw	american television
domingo_del_monte	austrian women
g.willow_wilson	american american novelists
claude_ollier	french french novelists
radka_denemarková	21st-century women
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
amitava_kumar	american from
p-p_hartnett	21st-century short
morris_lurie	australian australian
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
carmen_dolores	brazilian women
carlos_franqui	brazilian births
michel_désautels	canadian canadian novelists
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
henri_deberly	french french
arnold_leibovit	american television
femi_osofisan	south african
gary_reed_:comics	american comics
dawn_lambertsen_kelly	american television birth
mary_cappello	american of
anna_blaman	20th-century women
darrell_schweitzer	american american short
ahmet_zappa	american male
mavor_moore	canadian male
garth_ennis	new of
rajkumar_jhalajit_singh	indian of
giulio_cogni	italian male
miriam_toews	canadian from
muhammed_bozdağ	turkish people
paul_s._newman	american comics
alberto_de_meneses_rodrigues	indian from
robert_gottlieb	american from
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
geoff_ryman	21st-century male novelists
mike_white_:filmmaker	american male
qiu_jin	people births
peter_moore_smith	american of novelists
ameen_rihani	american american
david_e.kelley	american television
paul_di_filippo	american american short
gabriella_ambrosio	italian births
clifford_meth	american comics writers
harper_allen	women women writers
rafael_grugman	russian writers
nicholas_delbanco	american university
adam_karrillon	german german
derek_brown_:editor	british of birth
ian_mckay_:writer	british of
dallas_john_baker	australian short story
raziel_reid	canadian from
rachel_qitsualik-tinsley	canadian women writers
peter_moore_smith	american of novelists
elizabeth_arnold_:children's_writer	english births
perry_rosemond	canadian from
georges_simenon	20th-century from
pam_veasey	american television writers
angela_pulvirenti	australian television birth
max_mckeown	living births
elizabeth_enright	american from
peter_weiss	german from
david_baillie_:comics	british of
alois_jirásek	austrian births
henry_joseph_monck_mason	people births
henry_bordeaux	french deaths
hrvoje_hitrec	croatian novelists
daniel_lyons	american people
aditi_phadnis	indian writers
norman_douglas	english of
baltasar_porcel	spanish births
anthony_swofford	american from
dorothy_scarborough	american from
catherynne_m.valente	21st-century american novelists
rene_denfeld	21st-century of writers
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
christine_whelan	american births
miriam_toews	canadian from
gordon_waterman_chaplin	american births
michael_g.coney	malaysian writers
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
derenik_demirchian	armenian armenian
bi_feiyu	people women
don_dickinson	canadian canadian novelists
e.vasu	indian indian
douglas_haskell	american from
carlos_pintado	people births
remo_forlani	french male
pierre_de_jarric	french male
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
evelyn_e.smith	20th-century women novelists
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
d.c.fontana	american from
rian_johnson	american television
peter_ocko	american television writers
elchin_afandiyev	azerbaijani writers
harvey_sachs	chilean people
bernard_marshall	american from
christopher_matthew	people educated
gerald_brenan	british of
aleksander_świętochowski	polish from
miguel_donoso_pareja	brazilian deaths
qazi_mahbub_hussain	year of is
deborah_hopkinson	american children's
hans_kristian_eriksen	norwegian norwegian
evan_fallenberg	american american
georgelle_hirliman	american women writers
barry_chamish	canadian from
anthony_:writer	year of birth
dorothy_m.cray	20th-century romantic fiction
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
chris_cleave	english male
emilio_salgari	italian male
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
claire_mowat	canadian women writers
greg_cox_:writer	american american novelists
benjah	american male
douglas_adams	english from
amédée_papineau	19th-century births
carol_emshwiller	american american short
mağjan_jumabayev	people deaths
helen_zimmern	english births
michael_duffy_:australian_journalist	australian people
carrie_kemper	american television birth
gary_cohn_:comics	american comics
bozorg_alavi	iranian births
george_ade	american american
charles_fort	american american
ota_pavel	austrian births
ramaranjan_mukherji	indian writers
h.r.percy	canadian male novelists
marinko_stevanović	living from
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
emilia_salvioni	italian italian
holly_black	american women novelists
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
edward_robinson_:curator	american of
george_langelaan	irish of
henriette_de_coligny_de_la_suze	french births
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
maría_luisa_elío	spanish from
gyula_hernádi	hungarian male
gerald_vizenor	american american
maureen_child	21st-century women novelists
clara_sereni	italian women
peter_bergman_:comedian	american from
rae_earl	english women
elizabeth_knox	21st-century zealand novelists
claire_legrand	american women novelists
rawi_hage	canadian women
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
nalini_bala_devi	indian from
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
charlie_angus	canadian from
robert_c.cooper	living people
anil_menon	indian indian
charlotte_zolotow	american women
bob_paris	american from
michel_bibaud	canadian canadian
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
quentin_lee	canadian from
achy_obejas	american american
frédéric_beigbeder	french french
mary_stolz	american women novelists
meinolf_finke	german births
assaf_inbari	israeli novelists
mazarine_pingeot	french french
michael_a.walker	malaysian deaths was a a
christopher_nicole	20th-century women novelists
evan_solomon	canadian people
octavio_cordero_palacios_:writer	ecuadorian novelists
are_kalvø	norwegian births
caroline_lamarche	belgian births
margaret_pargeter	year romantic birth
charles_sheehan-miles	american from
paul_scott_:comics	living people birth
milt_larsen	american people
menelaos_lountemis	20th-century novelists
dorothy_p.lathrop	american from
bonnie_macbird	american of writers
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
pauline_johnson	canadian women
rain_chudori	living births
honobu_yonezawa	japanese short
ed_hannigan	american comics writers
morgan_bell	australian from
dun_karm_psaila	people deaths
gary_cohn_:comics	american comics
arabella_edge	21st-century women writers
meredith_haaf	german women writers
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
rob_st.john	english births
bochō_yamamura	japanese births
david_wong_:writer	american from novelists
adam_james_dalton	21st-century of writers
debra_anderson	canadian canadian novelists
haruki_murakami	21st-century ultramarathon
agosti_xaho	french births
don_naylor	american from
robert_p.t.coffin	american american
nnedi_okorafor	american american novelists
erica_johnson_debeljak	american american
graham_joyce	english births
catie_lazarus	american of birth
halil_jaçellari	albanian short
angela_kang	american television writers
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
mary_elizabeth_mohl	people from
brendan_o'carroll	irish from
martin_page_:author	21st-century births
borys_hrinchenko	ukrainian deaths
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
andré_aciman	american american
algernon_blackwood	english of
bhaskar_sunkara	american of
george_malcher	british of
parichay_das	indian women
george_pérez	american comics
robert_marasco	american male dramatists
pascual_h._poblete	belgian writers
dimitrija_čupovski	people deaths
paul_hiebert_:writer	canadian from
elliott_holt	21st-century american novelists
david_eddie	canadian from
carol_bruneau	canadian women novelists
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
mary_martha_sherwood	english women writers
eileen_myers	american television writers
mary_robison	american american
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
arnold_drake	american comics
conrad_hyers	people deaths
garson_kanin	american male novelists
paul_hiebert_:writer	canadian from
rian_johnson	american television
ed_greenwood	dungeons game dragons
nigel_calder	english educated
peter_tieryas	american births
meeka_walsh	canadian canadian novelists
pat_condell	english educated
manana_antadze	marc deaths was a a writer writer and
mercedes_carvajal_de_arocha	chilean deaths
mark_fisher_:theorist	english people
harishankar_parsai	indian writers
ghazaros_aghayan	armenian deaths
daniel_samper_ospina	slovenian births
ernest_thompson	american from
dorothy_black_:novelist	english women novelists
charlotte_lady_blennerhassett	german women
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
gary_carlson	american comics writers
richard_holloway	scottish of
p._balachandran	indian male
olufemi_terry	people leonean novelists
catherine_chung	american american novelists
marie_fouquet	french women writers
eugen_kumičić	croatian novelists
olle_adolphson	swedish from
george_malcher	british of
david_heneker	english deaths
david_l.hough	american of
dorothea_macheiner	austrian women writers
alice_sebold	21st-century women
billy_hayes_:writer	american births
bill_oakley	american television
nellie_campobello	mexican women writers
grace_paley	american american
didier_leclair	canadian canadian novelists
richard_crasta	american male
marga_spiegel	people deaths
erzsébet_galgóczi	mexican women writers
bartho_smit	people deaths
fred_bodsworth	canadian from
margaret_powell	english of
antonio_ungar	slovenian births
assaf_inbari	israeli novelists
martin_lings	english of
bentley_kyle_evans	american television
george_jonas	canadian from
max_domarus	german births
b.v.k.sastry	indian writers
bob_paris	american from
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
florence_parry_heide	american from
c.ramachandra_rao	indian births
milo_manara	living births
alexander_kazantsev	russian births
adam_kuckhoff	german german
olufemi_terry	people leonean novelists
bettina_von_arnim	german deaths
ian_mclachlan_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
chester_himes	american from
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
david_x.cohen	american television
douglas_adams	english from
edith_josie	canadian from
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
raziel_reid	canadian from
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
bhisham_sahni	indian from
pío_baroja	spanish births
andrás_szántó	people births
martha_rofheart	american women novelists
o._henry	american births
gerasimos_vokos	people deaths
gavin_mcinnes	canadian from
martha_mason_:writer	people births
ralph_andrews_barry	american from
e.lockhart	american from
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
richard_jefferies	english births
maureen_medved	21st-century women novelists
andri_snær_magnason	people births
ian_bone_:author	australian births
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
pedro_garcía_cabrera	spanish male
elisa_hall_de_asturias	20th-century women
anthony_bidulka	canadian canadian
harold_brodkey	american from
emilio_salgari	italian male
peter_rühmkorf	german from
eric_holmes_:videogame_designer	canadian comics is
catherine_seipp	american from
achille_essebac	french male
delia_grigore	romanian from
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
ephraim_of_bonn	filipino births
amil_niazi	canadian women writers
alissa_nutting	21st-century of novelists
alix_kates_shulman	21st-century women novelists
marilyn_suzanne_miller	american television
boori_monty_pryor	australian from writers
anna_rozen	french french
etgar_keret	israeli births
attia_hosain	indian from
anil_gupta	british births
paul_stewart_:writer	english of birth
paula_fox	american women novelists
devon_monk	american women novelists
catherine_yronwode	american from
rajiva_wijesinha	south of
christopher_bertolini	american male
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
c.k.stead	new zealand
maude_kegg	american women writers
donald_shaw_:academic	american deaths
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
gretel_ehrlich	american american
marjorie_williams	american from
max_domarus	german births
ally_condie	american women novelists
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
garlieb_merkel	german deaths
harold_acton	english of
amy_thomson	american women novelists
amy_hempel	american from
chris_d'lacey	people births
bobby_khan	indian film directors
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
bryan_edgar_wallace	british births
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
dan_lusthaus	american of
margarete_kollisch	20th-century women
miervaldis_birze	people deaths
frank_moorhouse	australian short
bill_coffin	american from
melissa_salmons	american television writers
richard_yates_:novelist	american from
robbie_branscum	american women
peter_ling	english births
alonso_duralde	american from
anna_jansson	swedish women
arthur_golden	american from
david_wolstencroft	british of
gilbert_collard	french male
arjun_basu	canadian canadian novelists
anton_ingolič	slovenian from
abdulah_sidran	bosnia and
alexandre_beljame	french deaths
bochō_yamamura	japanese births
georges_ribemont-dessaignes	french french
rob_lotterstein	american of writers
hagop_baronian	armenian deaths
garry_ryan	canadian canadian novelists
p-p_hartnett	21st-century short
francisco_bilbao	people deaths
petro_marko	albanian short
christopher_story	british of
frank_decaro	american from
gregory_mcdonald	american american novelists
nikolai_yut	chuvash deaths
r._k._narayan	indian from
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
peter_stursberg	canadian of
frank_tuohy	english male
caleb_crain	american of
don_payne_:writer	american from
hélène_rioux	canadian women
paulo_setúbal	brazilian births
holly_nelson	canadian of
bohumil_hrabal	austrian births
anica_savić_rebac	serbian deaths
radoje_domanović	serbian deaths
ethel_portnoy	dutch deaths
elizabeth_knox	21st-century zealand novelists
cizia_zykë	french french
chaman_nahal	indian from
gaelen_foley	american women novelists
nikolai_uspensky	russian russian
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
mary_roberts_rinehart	american american
bahia_mahmud_awah	people of
christina_lauren	american women novelists
bob_ellis	australian from
omar_ibn_said	american from
annie_vivanti	italian women
gleb_uspensky	russian male
marty_feldman	english male
mark_elliott_:british_author	living births
archemachus_of_euboea	year of
naeem_mohaiemen	living births
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
djuna_barnes	american american
pierre_bellemare	french male
pacho_o'donnell	argentine births
ernest_thompson	american from
george_mcwhirter	canadian from
henry_winterfeld	american births
phil_lollar	american births
hilary_corke	english of
premchand	indian from
reza_mirkarimi	iranian births
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
allan_frewin_jones	english births
ann_c.crispin	american women novelists
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
edward_r.pease	english of
andrew_foley_:writer	year of birth
claire_mowat	canadian women writers
eric_wilson_:suspense_writer	american of
mark_whiting	american people
halldór_laxness	people deaths
ariel_levy	american american
martine_leavitt	21st-century women novelists
caroline_nichols_churchill	20th-century women writers
elizabeth_humphreys_penrose	american american novelists
michel_ferracci-porri	french people
anil_ghorai	indian from
antoine-joseph_pernety	french deaths
arturo_lanocita	italian births
hu_lancheng	people deaths
cornelia_meigs	american american
alexei_maxim_russell	canadian canadian novelists
andreas_ramos	american births
charles-louis_havas	french male
alois_jirásek	austrian births
debra_evans	american from
dean_lorey	american television
alice_macgowan	american american novelists
ginia_bellafante	american from
giorgio_faletti	italian births
myron_sharaf	american of
a.m.homes	american american
renee_roszel	21st-century women novelists
andayya	indian writers
alan_macdonald_:writer	english births
ed_husain	british of
adrian_cornelius_langerwerf	new zealand writers
dorothy_cannell	american from
martin_crilly	australian from
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
alexandre_beljame	french deaths
gilbert_gerard_:theological_writer	scottish of
pitcheswara_rao_atluri	year of birth missing
eleanor_wachtel	canadian of
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
aritha_van_herk	canadian canadian novelists
augusta_stevenson	american women writers
randall_jahnson	american male
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
f.x.feeney	american births
elizabeth_stuckey-french	american from
paul_boutin	american people
richard_rive	20th-century african
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
ralph_schoenstein	american from
per_ahlmark	swedish of
christianne_meneses_jacobs	american of
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
martin_pasko	canadian from writers
albert_ayguesparse	belgian deaths
craig_walker_:writer	canadian male
ardath_mayhar	american american novelists
antonio_alcalá_venceslada	spanish births
hugh_walters_:author	english deaths
gillian_mears	australian australian
beatrice_hammer	french women writers
charlotte_higgins	english births
garlieb_merkel	german deaths
nicholas_tchkotoua	russian deaths
billy_hayes_:writer	american births
gerald_ganglbauer	people of
adam_elliot	australian births
emma_richler	21st-century canadian short
carole_wilkinson	australian children's writers
dave_stone	english births
edgar_wallace	english male
dr.seuss	american from
anatoly_rybakov	soviet of
robert_a.heinlein	american from
eleanor_mercein_kelly	american from
david_horowitz	american from
ian_frazier	american from
p._c._hodgell	american american novelists
hideo_oguni	japanese births
beatrice_schenk_de_regniers	american births writers
brian_lumley	english english
dominique_joseph_garat	french births
gertrude_barrows_bennett	american american fiction
david_nekrutman	american people
charles_barton_:legal_writer	people deaths
maxim_gorky	russian male
ezra_jack_keats	american of
oksana_marafioti	american people
rajkumar_shitaljit_singh	indian from
carlos_baker	american from
meher_ramesh	indian film
bhoopal_reddy	year of birth
robert_hutchinson_:author	living people
mick_anglo	people births
carole_bache	american deaths
nancy_keesing	australian women
richard_appel	american from
frederick_exley	american from
anita_daher	year women birth
dragomir_brajković	serbian from
paula_fox	american women novelists
e.r.frank	american of writers
ceija_stojka	20th-century women
beatrix_campbell	british of
dnyanesh_maharao	indian from
amos_oz	israeli novelists
robert_byron	people of
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
dave_erickson	american television writers
barbara_bloom	american television writers
christopher_trent	british births
maurissa_tancharoen	american from
dmitri_prigov	russian male
haakon_bugge_mahrt	norwegian norwegian
andrés_caicedo	male short
rachel_lebowitz	canadian women
margaret_wise_brown	american women
derek_patmore	british births
philippe_soupault	french french
mildred_noble	american women
demetrio_aguilera_malta	ecuadorian short
corsino_fortes	cape verdean
paul_guimard	20th-century french novelists
c.n.sreekantan_nair	indian male
pai_hsien-yung	people people
eric_boehlert	american of birth
allen_barnett_:writer	american from
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
eraldo_pecci	american fiorentina
carlos_dews	american from
gerald_w.page	american american short
chingiz_abdullayev	people from
arcady_aris	chuvash births
fraser_nixon	canadian canadian novelists
dan_turèll	male births
polly_frost	21st-century american novelists
ana_maria_machado	brazilian women
fergus_bordewich	american births
františek_čelakovský	19th-century deaths
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
meir_shalev	israeli births
penelope_wallace	people deaths
ian_brennan_:writer	american television
rawi_hage	canadian women
delia_sherman	21st-century women novelists
michael_franzak	american people
renée_french	american comics
andy_diggle	year comics
connie_willis	american american novelists
charmian_london	american from
anne_seymour,_countess_of_warwick	16th-century births
margaret_larkin	american american
béatrix_beck	20th-century women
carl_phillips	american from
paul_levinson	american american
nancy_french	american women writers
rebecca_skloot	american births writers
gordon_waterman_chaplin	american births
charles_d'ambrosio	american of workshop
iain_aitch	british of birth
harry_l.symons	canadian canadian novelists
hugo_rodríguez-alcalá	paraguayan deaths
mark_bostridge	british of
barbara_bloom	american television writers
marita_bonner	american american
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
peter_philipp	german german
marjorie_w.sharmat	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
peter_baker_:author	american of
adriaan_van_meerbeeck	portuguese births
elsie_finnimore_buckley	english births
herminie_templeton_kavanagh	english english
gangadhar_balkrushna_sardar	people deaths
hilda_twongyeirwe	ugandan women
neela_padmanabhan	indian writers
penny_jordan	20th-century women novelists
ngan_xuyen	spanish births
n._m._browne	english women writers
margi_preus	american women writers
carleton_mabee	american from
felix_c.gotschalk	american american novelists
daniel_quinn	american american novelists
mike_reiss	american television writers
alphonse_de_châteaubriant	french french
mik_duffy	new of writers
gretel_ehrlich	american american
pyun_hye-young	south korean
philip_rees	living children's
c.j.cherryh	american american novelists
igor_štiks	croatian novelists
carrie_allen_mccray	american women
emily_colson	american women
claire_de_duras	french births
matei_donici	moldovan births
marianne_nunn	people births
brian_halweil	american of birth
maría_luisa_elío	spanish from
eun_heekyung	south korean
robert_p.t.coffin	american american
danuta_gleed	20th-century women novelists
pierre_jean_jouve	french french
gordon_russell_:writer	american television
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
darnell_l.moore	american of
mark_katzman	american from
mary_lorson	american of birth
pat_proft	american television
patricia_pearson	canadian people
eli_clare	american from
carla_gericke	american births
barry_o'brien	american television
ramo_nakajima	japanese japanese
patrick_white	australian short
nicolas_billon	canadian canadian novelists
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
faolán_mac_an_ghabhann_na_scéal	people births
antonio_skármeta	chilean jews
anne_devlin_:writer	people of writers
michael_e._raynor	canadian people
erica_james	20th-century women novelists
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
erica_ehm	canadian from
mikihiko_renjō	japanese japanese
onat_kutlar	turkish writers
germaine_greer	australian from
barbara_baynton	australian women
mariko_ōhara	living births
dante_troisi	italian male
rajat_arora	indian film
constance_heaven	20th-century romantic novelists
carol_kolb	american television birth
charles_perez	american from
hilario_barrero	spanish male
françois_weyergans	french births
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
barbara_grier	american women
eric_rhode	british births
arthur_nickson	19th-century births writers
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
anthony_simmons_:writer	english educated
noriko_ogiwara	japanese japanese
hossein_mortezaeian_abkenar	iranian births
henry_miller	american from
chad_harbach	american american
greg_garrett_:writer	american of
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
emily_barr	21st-century women writers
gordon_waterman_chaplin	american births
gabriel_benoist	french deaths
antónio_aurélio_gonçalves	cape verdean
gita_sahgal	indian from
frank_o'hara	american from
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
robert_d.cardona	american television
christiane_koren	norwegian norwegian writers
bodo_kirchhoff	german from
gerald_vizenor	american american
ardath_mayhar	american american novelists
h.l.gold	american american short
g.k.chesterton	english male
niko_pucić	serbian deaths
bret_hart	canadian from
aidan_higgins	irish short
alexander_russell_webb	american from
caroline_healey_dall	american american
dahvi_waller	canadian from writers
rebecca_rand_kirshner	american television writers
reuben_gold_thwaites	american from
george_grigore	romanian births
robert_kaleski	australian births
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
anne_henderson	australian from
andrei_sinyavsky	soviet short
henrique_couto	american births
may_cutler	canadian women
manolo_quezon	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
gregory_orfalea	american people
anna_seghers	german of
quentin_lee	canadian from
asif_farrukhi	pakistani of
anna-clara_tidholm	20th-century women writers
ed_husain	british of
charles_stross	english science fiction
maurice_blanchot	french male
chandra_kumar_agarwala	asom from
marjorie_harris	canadian from
maria_popova	american births
betty_o'rourke	20th-century deaths novelists
bagrat_ulubabyan	people deaths
ahmad_baba_al_massufi	people births
heather_mcelhatton	american from
rajbali_pandey	people writers
elisabeth_de_mariaffi	canadian women novelists
alexander_m.phillips	american american short
patricia_wentworth	20th-century women novelists
ada_cambridge	australian women
alfred_jarry	french french
gerlind_reinshagen	german women
birgit_zotz	mexican births
märta_tikkanen	swedish writers
molly_birnbaum	american people
emil_filipčič	slovenian from
g.b.senanayake	20th-century lankan
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
penni_russon	australian children's
emilia_salvioni	italian italian
bill_oakley	american television
anvar_mammadkhanli	ukrainian deaths
meindert_dejong	american american
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
nancy_weber	21st-century women
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
fazil_iskander	russian short
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
bill_scheft	american american novelists
ramsey_campbell	english english
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
adel_al-hussain	american births
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
raghavanka	indian from
gary_myers_:writer	american american short
michael_ruppert	american from
pavel_ivanovich_melnikov	imperial russian
glenn_gordon_caron	american television writers
alekos_sakellarios	croatian novelists
michael_mcginley	year of death
gore_vidal	american from
philip_blommaert	people births
quim_monzó	spanish births
david_w.potter	british of
anne_villeneuve	canadian from
don_roff	american male novelists
amanda_mckittrick_ros	19th-century births
ellen_anne_hewett	people births
denis_tillinac	french male
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
muzaffer_i̇zgü	turkish people
olaug_løken	norwegian writers
ramon_saizarbitoria	living people
fazil_iskander	russian short
constantin_stamati	people from
nirmal_verma	indian from
carlo_collodi	italian italian
emma_maria_pearson	english deaths
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
remi_aubuchon	american births
chirlane_mccray	american of
denis_taaffe	people births
dimitry_elias_léger	american american
patricia_wrede	21st-century women novelists
patricia_wentworth	20th-century women novelists
marty_feldman	english male
pierre_jean_launay	french births
amy_thomson	american women novelists
henri_lopès	people of the of of
arthur_drews	german deaths
deborah_kimmett	21st-century women novelists
amalie_benjamin	american from
earl_oliver	american from
clive_algar	south african
cvetka_bevc	slovenian from
andré_couteaux	french deaths
eugen_gottlob_winkler	german deaths
giorgio_a.tsoukalos	american births
hannah_burdon	19th-century deaths
patrick_deville	french french
alan_gibbons	english births
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
chris_langham	english male
eva_strittmatter	german women writers
pam_scheunemann	living children's
michael_fitzgerald_page	australian children's
claude_aveline	french french
fred_bodsworth	canadian from
david_sweetman	20th-century from
honora_sneyd	british women writers
mary_ward_brown	american deaths
david_wong_:writer	american from novelists
francisco_manuel_de_mello	italian births
george_turner_:writer	australian science fiction
mitchell_hurwitz	american television writers
dmitry_gorchakov	russian male
endre_kukorelly	hungarian male
gillian_mears	australian australian
armstrong_sperry	american from
bruno_lasker	american births
gertrude_barrows_bennett	american american fiction
dinesh_chandra_sen	bengali deaths
albert_ayguesparse	belgian deaths
barbara_smucker	american women
charles_watts_:secularist	english births
arabella_edge	21st-century women writers
octavio_paz	mexican women
adam_kotsko	american from
clem_schouwenaars	belgian deaths
dan_mcdaid	british births
pío_baroja	spanish births
mireille_marokvia	french women
molly_mccloskey	american births
aliette_de_bodard	american american novelists
bimal_kar	bengali writers
flora_annie_steel	19th-century short
rick_rofihe	canadian canadian novelists
paul_dini	american television writers
eileen_albrizio	american women
edith_ranum	norwegian women
alan_grant_:writer	english births
matilda_hays	19th-century women
ezra_jack_keats	american of
robert_padnick	american television writers
qustaki_al-himsi	ottoman deaths
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
philip_kreiner	canadian canadian novelists
michele_zackheim	21st-century women novelists
grace_paley	american american
peter_plantec	american of birth
alec_berg	american of writers
elna_baker	american from
nikita_larionov	chuvash deaths
ellis_marcus	american television writers
richard_crasta	american male
dorothy_allison	american women
hermann_goedsche	19th-century deaths
dirck_coornhert	dutch dutch
charles_belfoure	american from novelists
constantin_stamati-ciurea	people from
charles_mudede	american from
hélène_lenoir	french women writers
diana_ossana	american television
renate_stendhal	american births
anthony_bailey_:author	british of
harold_rosenberg	american from
dmitry_lipkin	american television writers
candace_camp	american women novelists
gardner_fox	american comics
rebecca_greer	american women
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
dmitry_grigorovich	russian russian
albert_cossery	20th-century novelists
doris_gercke	german women writers
david_biespiel	american from
bhisham_sahni	indian from
bert_sugar	american of writers
maría_rosa_oliver	argentine women
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
philip_pullman	english of
heinrich_gottfried_von_bretschneider	german deaths
gish_jen	american short short
ian_denis_johnson	american bloggers
g.k.chesterton	english male
frederick_rolfe	english short
david_hines	english male
maurice_blanchot	french male
robert_loren_fleming	american comics
david_gallaher	american from
alan_cheuse	american american short
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
edward_s.aarons	american american novelists
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
boleslav_markevich	russian male
helen_conrad	american women novelists
deborah_a.miranda	american american
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
ardath_mayhar	american american novelists
alvin_schwartz_:comics	american comics
allen_spraggett	canadian births
nirmal_verma	indian from
carlos_manuel_de_céspedes_y_quesada	people births
mark_bence-jones	people of
nancy_williams_watt	american television writers
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
henri_nathansen	male male
mercy_otis_warren	american american
andrew_davies_:writer	people of
alvin_toffler	american from
ayako_fujitani	japanese births
iain_finlayson	scottish births
myles_wilder	american television
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
alisa_kwitney	american women novelists
elizabeth_hand	american american novelists
nate_jackson	living births
andrés_del_corral	people births
radu_pavel_gheo	romanian short
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
agnes_morley_cleaveland	american women
alfred_andersch	german of
pierre_bettencourt	french deaths
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
margarita_bobba	italian women death
nicholas_sparks	american american
brunello_rondi	italian male
nabarun_bhattacharya	indian of
neal_asher	english births
hermann_kant	german of
alojzy_lysko	people from
arthur_c.clarke	english from
mavis_nicholson	british births
meindert_dejong	american american
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
eda_leshan	american deaths
david_a.adler	american from
robert_beauvais	french deaths
fran_ilich	lgbt births
blanche_d'alpuget	20th-century women
maría_de_los_ángeles_errisúriz	people births
ardeshir_irani	indian film
albert_ghica	people births
nan_chauncy	australian from
frieda_a.murray	american women novelists
maria_pypelinckx	flemish births
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
deborah_a.miranda	american american
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
anne_mccaffrey	american from novelists
markus_zusak	australian from
cathy_williams	women of fiction
anja_štefan_:writer	slovenian women
auguste_lorieux	french deaths
charlotta_frölich	19th-century births
martin_walser	german from
gunadasa_amarasekara	sri lankan
ekalavyan_:novelist	indian male
achy_obejas	american american
nuno_bernardo	american television
hayes_davenport	american television
meletius_smotrytsky	polish deaths
herbort_of_fritzlar	german deaths
ernesto_sabato	argentine births
max_zimmering	german male
rhys_hughes	british births
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
gotlib	french births
hsu_shin	burmese deaths
paul_groussac	french deaths
gore_vidal	american from
clive_barker	lgbt male
nikolai_virta	russian male
constancio_c.vigil	argentine births
p._j._wolfson	american from
melissa_holbrook_pierson	american people
michael_t._kaufman	american from
p._d._james	english of
martha_wells	american american novelists
raghunath_choudhary	asom from
audre_lorde	american american
raja_dhale	dalit writers
paco_ignacio_taibo_i	mexican from
nince_henry	living people
erik_davis	american births
mike_barker_:producer	american television writers
gregg_kavet	american television writers
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
nikolai_zlatovratsky	imperial russian
gertrude_bell	english of
g.k.chesterton	english male
david_benedictus	english births
nicholas_sparks	american american
alexander_goldstein_:writer	russian novelists
i.dragoslav	romanian short
arandzar	ottoman deaths
robert_a.heinlein	american from
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
mark_shand	people of
ha_geun-chan	south korean
maurice_nadeau	french deaths
deborah_kimmett	21st-century women novelists
arthur_c.clarke	english from
mikiel_anton_vassalli	people deaths
pedro_barrantes	valencian from
gustavo_corção	chilean deaths
michael_carroll_:american_writer	21st-century of
andré_breton	french deaths
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
anwaar_ahmad	pakistani of
donald_clarke_:writer	american births
agah_efendi	ottoman deaths
alissa_quart	21st-century women
ritam_chowdhury	living people
angela_amato_velez	american television birth
nevenka_petrić	turkish writers
nathan_burgoine	canadian canadian novelists
muhammed_bozdağ	turkish people
motilal_jotwani	indian writers
helen_hooven_santmyer	american american
mirkka_rekola	20th-century women
chan_koonchung	hong births
namita_gokhale	indian women writers
arthur_bárdos	hungarian male
margaret_yorke	20th-century births novelists
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
hugo_vickers	people of
marguerite_young	20th-century women
grigol_robakidze	male dramatists
maria_zhukova	russian russian
dominique_de_roux	french births
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
olen_steinhauer	american american novelists
penny_busetto	south african writers
pat_condell	english educated
dave_dameshek	american from
carol_windley	canadian canadian novelists
elwyn_hartley_edwards	british births
olivia_coolidge	american births
mykhailo_yalovy	ukrainian deaths
alan_dean_foster	american american novelists
amanda_lohrey	20th-century women
barbara_leonie_picard	20th-century women writers
antoine_bigot	19th-century french
namita_gokhale	indian women writers
dave_laing	english of
beppe_fenoglio	italian male
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
nelson_algren	american american
rae_earl	english women
carl_solomon	american american
phyllis_krasilovsky	american from
august_mälk	estonian deaths
milena_nikolova	living births
anthony_berkeley_cox	english of
frank_miller_:comics	american comics
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
gemma_files	canadian from writers
ed_driscoll	american of birth
matthew_kennedy_:author	american births
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
gong_sun-ok	south births
andré_chevrillon	french births
mary_louisa_molesworth	19th-century women
earl_oliver	american from
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
douglas_kent_hall	american from
marion_hargrove	american from
gail_z.martin	american women novelists
petro_marko	albanian short
michael_vatikiotis	american from
alfred_gissing	english of
chris_boucher	british births writers
guy_davenport	american american
edward_maitland	english deaths
muhammad_al-maghut	syrian deaths
grigor_parlichev	bulgarian deaths
namini_subrahmanyam_naidu	living people
annie_groovie	canadian from
mohamed_adel_abdelaziz	egyptian people
hu_yepin	20th-century deaths
craig_rosebraugh	american births
elna_baker	american from
elisabeth_hauptmann	20th-century women
aurora_levins_morales	american american
gary_d.schmidt	american from novelists
albert_mannheimer	american male
pavel_nilin	russian short
musa_anter	people deaths
andy_luckey	american from
michael_köhlmeier	living people
pandit_narendra_sharma	indian from
dr.seuss	american from
devan_:writer	20th-century from
ben_jeapes	english births
adrienne_monson	american women novelists
alexandre_del_valle	french people
mkrtich_armen	armenian deaths
matthew_berry	american from
david_rakoff	american american
michael_a._noonan	living people
camille_recht	german women writers
bewketu_seyoum	canadian of
betty_friedan	american american
paul_e_cooley	american american short
carlos_baker	american from
chintha_ravi	indian male
enrique_larreta	argentine births
philippe_delerm	21st-century french
beverley_nambozo	21st-century women
chris_kelly_:writer	american of
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
gary_crew	australian births writers
mike_smithson_:politics	people of
ramalho_ortigão	people births
richard_lane_:writer	australian births
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
hal_clement	american science novelists
cynthia_kadohata	american women writers
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
ille_toktash	chuvash deaths
faye_kellerman	american american novelists
richard_shelton_:writer	american from
michael_köhlmeier	living people
amos_luzzatto	italian male
harry_lawton	american from
paulette_nardal	20th-century women writers
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
christopher_paul_baker	people of
beatrice_harraden	english women
alan_mitchell_:comics	british of
robert_m.pirsig	american from
alice_munro	canadian canadian novelists
pádraic_ó_conaire	19th-century deaths
alex_haley	american from
bill_arp	american from
nuala_ní_chonchúir	irish women
richard_shelton_:writer	american from
ellen_hinsey	american writers
ameer_idreis	canadian canadian novelists
maxim_februari	japanese births
bruce_marshall	people of
renate_stendhal	american births
cynthia_ozick	american american
robert_olen_butler	american american
hasan_azizul_huq	bangladeshi of
grace_paley	american american
b.s.mardhekar	indian from
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
gertrude_bell	english of
devin_k.grayson	american comics
paul_zacharia	indian indian
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
robert_calvert	south african
diego_de_torres_villarroel	spanish births
andrés_henestrosa	mexican births
eyvind_johnson	swedish from
caridad_bravo_adams	mexican women writers
michael_dorfman	israeli jews
derrick_o'keefe	canadian from
park_solhee	living people
hazem_farraj	american people
norma_farber	american women
dasari_subrahmanyam	indian writers
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
grigory_baklanov	russian short
cathi_unsworth	women women novelists
pierre_samuel_du_pont_de_nemours	french deaths
damian_barr	people of
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
g.d.falksen	american american novelists
ha_geun-chan	south korean
b.m.suhara	20th-century women
barbro_lindgren	swedish women
ben_stein	american male
mervyn_peake	english from
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
robert_j.burch	american american novelists
alain_leroy_locke	american from
dmytro_dontsov	ukrainian deaths
dheeraj_rattan	indian film directors
bill_coffin	american from
charles_newman_:author	american from
beb_vuyk	20th-century women writers
michael_szameit	italian male
frank_manley	american american
alain_robbe-grillet	french french
michael_jacobs	american television
george_nafziger	american from
france_bevk	slovenian from
gurdial_singh	indian from
annie_groovie	canadian from
andrea_goldsmith	australian women
david_zindell	american american novelists
bruce_marshall	people of
graham_hancock	british writers
amina_mama	21st-century of
douglas_murray_:author	people of
daína_chaviano	20th-century women
e.nelson_bridwell	american comics
michael_gilbert	british of
arturo_ambrogi	20th-century male
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
elizabeth_kata	australian women
gregg_bordowitz	american births
david_lamb_:journalist	american from
aristide_frémine	19th-century deaths
brian_aldiss	english from
gary_tillery	american from
arkadiy_belinkov	russian writers
mark_scott_ricketts	american comics
pat_caputo	american people
grigore_cugler	romanian novelists
george_m.merrick	american from
patrick_cauvin	french french novelists
michel_kilo	syrian of
hemendra_kumar_roy	bengali writers
gert_prokop	german male
brigitte_reimann	german women writers
patrea_smallacombe	australian women writers
quentin_crisp	english male
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
gita_mehta	indian from
alan_moore	english births
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
amy_wallace	20th-century women writers
anthony_berkeley_cox	english of
margaret_yorke	20th-century births novelists
ned_vizzini	american american
chen_maiping	20th-century short
carlos_baker	american from
charlie_coffey_:writer	american television
anna_seghers	german of
david_malouf	australian short
alan_wrigley	australian of
dwight_macdonald	american from
bob_rozakis	american comics
henry_miller	american from
dominick_dunne	american from
peter_cunningham_:writer	english deaths
henry_stephens_salt	english of
david_eddie	canadian from
emilio_j.pasarell	puerto deaths
margaret_strickland	people deaths
marty_feldman	english male
robert_byron	people of
chandra_prasad_saikia	indian from
anne_devlin_:writer	people of writers
mickey_z	american from
františek_sláma_:politician	finnish births
max_kretzer	people births
daniel_loxton	canadian births
arshag_chobanian	armenian deaths
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
danton_remoto	filipino births
carl_zimmer	american from
margaret_potter	20th-century romantic novelists
ed_cullen	american from
anna-clara_tidholm	20th-century women writers
erik_honoré	norwegian births
anne_marriott	canadian women
paul_marsden	british of
giovan_battista_di_crollalanza	italian deaths
bob_hamm	american american
caterina_albert	spanish births
chandramathi	indian indian
chairman_butt	hong births
alenka_rebula_tuta	slovenian from
clayton_van_lydegraf	american deaths
david_barr_kirtley	american american novelists
brian_mcnaughton	american american novelists
brian_leung_:author	american of
claire_mowat	canadian women writers
mohammed_rateb_al-nabulsi	living writers
beverley_jackson	american women novelists
arja_salafranca	south births
françois_rabelais	french male
hilda_twongyeirwe	ugandan women
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
mike_butterworth	english births novelists
gary_carlson	american comics writers
dionis_bubani	albanian albanian
eric_wilson_:suspense_writer	american of
craig_wayans	american male
robert_elms	english births
eric_irvin	australian births
nino_nakashidze	20th-century women
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
daniel_aaron	american of
pascal_bruckner	french french
alex_haley	american from
edward_maitland	english deaths
chris_langham	english male
graham_duff	english births
cornelius_eady	american american
fred_davis_:entrepreneur	american male
n._s._madhavan	indian male
elsa_triolet	russian women
aristide_frémine	19th-century deaths
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
angelica_garnett	english deaths
betty_friedan	american american
paul_theroux	american from
george_ade	american american
amitava_kumar	american from
hideo_oguni	japanese births
reuben_gold_thwaites	american from
agustin_cueva	israeli deaths
robert_f.young	american male novelists
bobby_khan	indian film directors
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
claude_bessy_:writer	french male
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
frederick_simpich	american deaths
myron_coureval_fagan	american from
anne_de_la_roche-guilhem	french women writers
nikolai_uspensky	russian russian
herminio_portell_vilá	puerto deaths
gisèle_bienne	french french novelists
ali_mohammad_afghani	iranian births
brian_floca	american of
robert_fisk	people of
amaresh_misra	telugu of birth missing
robert_bernstein_:comics	american comics
agnes_strickland	19th-century women
fahrettin_çiloğlu	turkish people
alison_bauld	irish deaths
chandrakant_keni	indian writers
franz_kafka	austrian births
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
nikolai_uspensky	russian russian
ed_robison	american births
pierre_ouellet	canadian canadian novelists
algernon_blackwood	english of
owen_wister	american from
agnes_nixon	american television
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
bergljot_hobæk_haff	20th-century women writers
banine	azerbaijani from
charles_dickens	english male
ida_pollock	20th-century women novelists
anna_sheehan	21st-century women novelists
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
christopher_belton	21st-century of
boris_schreiber	french deaths
mark_weiner	american of writers
france_herron	american age
brian_dooley	people births
narinder_singh_kapoor	living people
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
reginald_hudlin	american film
henri_nathansen	male male
evan_fallenberg	american american
dinu_nicodin	romanian novelists
david_icke	english of
deb_caletti	21st-century women novelists
antonio_ros_de_olano	polish births
ian_bone_:author	australian births
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
allan_sherman	american from
anahareo	canadian from
miklós_haraszti	slovenian births
belo_cipriani	american american
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
richard_glatzer	american from
osman_güldemir	living people birth
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
mary_jo_pehl	american television
edhem_mulabdić	bosnia and
barbara_albert	austrian male
robert_aron	french deaths
per_olof_sundman	people births
gustav_wied	male male
cherith_baldry	21st-century women novelists
richard_d._ryder	british of
avadhanam_sita_raman	indian from
alan_moore	english births
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
dhirubhai_thaker	indian from
alfonso_gumucio_dagron	20th-century from
haki_stërmilli	19th-century deaths
matthew_schreuder	australian from
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
brander_matthews	american from
paula_gosling	21st-century women novelists
robert_kirkman	american male
peter_s.fischer	michael j. is a a writer writer
nahoko_uehashi	japanese births
rachid_mimouni	people births
caroline_leakey	english women
excilia_saldaña	21st-century women
dinesh_chandra_sen	bengali deaths
migdalia_cruz	american of birth
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
michealene_risley	american births
harold_bell_wright	american from
peter_gibbs_:cricketer	english educated
arcady_aris	chuvash births
claude_phillips	english of
arandzar	ottoman deaths
patrick_white	australian short
maria_isabel_barreno	20th-century women
aldous_huxley	english from
hilary_knight_:illustrator	american from
dilman_dila	ugandan women
charles_victor_de_bonstetten	people births
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
alois_jirásek	austrian births
annabelle_white	new zealand writers
han_bi-ya	american people
charles_quentin_fernie_pope	new zealand
paul_rogers_:novelist	american from
norbert_blei	american american novelists
gordon_stewart_anderson	canadian from
giorgio_van_straten	italian italian
octavio_paz	mexican women
anna_radius_zuccari	italian births
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
françois_ricard	canadian canadian
elizabeth_j.braswell	american of birth
dmitri_prigov	russian male
michael_shermer	american from
deric_longden	english deaths
nella_bielski	french french writers
bernard_etxepare	year of
harland_miller	people births
ernest_thayer	american from
caroline_anderson_:writer	21st-century women novelists
caroline_dale_snedeker	american from
nay_win_myint	burmese writers
ayako_ikeda	american births
melinda_tankard_reist	australian people
chris_joseph_:writer/artist	hong comics
rajzel_żychlińsky	american american
hitonari_tsuji	japanese births
imogen_edwards-jones	british of
elsa_bernstein	20th-century concentration
p._n._oak	indian writers
ian_hamilton_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
chuck_austen	american of birth
francis_trevelyan_miller	american births
david_lamb_:journalist	american from
genevieve_foster	american from
evan_dunsky	american television writers
enrique_geenzier	venezuelan deaths
helen_lilian_shaw	20th-century women writers
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
eugene_fodor_:writer	american from
ferdynand_antoni_ossendowski	polish from
agnes_nixon	american television
bill_prady	american television
ahlam_mosteghanemi	people births
pieter_aspe	belgian births
neel_mukherjee_:writer	indian of
alice_borchardt	american women novelists
ernst_hinterberger	people from
chantal_thomas	french women writers
flavio_alves	american from
h.g.wells	english of
george_k.mannickarottu	indian births
georges_dessommes	19th-century deaths
ook_chung	canadian people
bartolomé_pou	spanish deaths
azariah_southworth	american from
nancy_holder	american women novelists
martin_lings	english of
gorur_ramaswamy_iyengar	indian writers
hemley_boum	20th-century births
qiu_jin	people births
patricia_grasso	21st-century women writers
anton_rønneberg	norwegian norwegian
mary_wibberley	english women novelists
claire_fox	people of
claude_jeancolas	french births
ningombam_bupenda_meitei	indian from
augusten_burroughs	lgbt from
denis_gifford	british writers
h.r.percy	canadian male novelists
connie_booth	american from
chaman_nahal	indian from
hutton_gibson	american from
martha_wells	american american novelists
danielle_simard	canadian from
nathan_burrage	australian short story
dawid_van_lill	south african
hyun_kil-un	south births
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
catherine_mavrikakis	canadian canadian novelists
algernon_blackwood	english of
chris_gifford_:actor	american television
devaki_nandan_khatri	people births
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
mike_barker_:producer	american television writers
margery_allingham	20th-century women novelists
bret_hart	canadian from
brenda_chapman	american film
pati_hill	american births
michiko_nagai	japanese japanese writers
bob_byrne	year of birth missing
enrique_geenzier	venezuelan deaths
david_jay_brown	american from novelists
don_payne_:writer	american from
geoff_ryman	21st-century male novelists
bob_martin_:comedian	canadian births
nathanaël	canadian women novelists
bruno_schulz	polish male
brett_halliday	american american
elisa_féliz	american of
catherine_gasquoine_hartley	people births
agnes_morley_cleaveland	american women
harriot_eaton_stanton_blatch	american from
boris_zaytsev_:writer	russian male
motilal_jotwani	indian writers
reidar_thomassen	norwegian norwegian
humayun_ahmed	bangladeshi of
alice_priestley	canadian women
hava_volovich	russian writers
darin_strauss	american american
mitch_cullin	american american
adeline_sergeant	english women writers
p._m._taj	indian male
alison_dolling	australian from
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
pavao_pavličić	croatian novelists
nalo_hopkinson	canadian from
mojca_kumerdej	slovenian women
robert_frazier_:writer	american science short
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
elizabeth_lyle_saxon	american deaths
marjorie_williams	american from
frank_lupo	american television writers
diana_morgan_:novelist	american of novelists
cathleen_with	canadian canadian novelists
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
maria_semyonova	russian people
frederick_simpich	american deaths
bill_grundfest	american television writers
myron_sharaf	american of
gunvor_hofmo	norwegian women writers
oliver_la_farge	american american
fazil_iskander	russian short
angela_heywood	american deaths
hilda_twongyeirwe	ugandan women
barbara_hall_:tv_producer	american women writers
eric_van_lustbader	american american novelists
glenn_o'brien	american of
fran_detela	slovenian of
charlie_angus	canadian from
barry_cryer	english educated
mary_somerville	19th-century women
eugie_foster	american american novelists
nathan_edmondson	american comics writers
milan_milićević	serbian deaths
benjamin_radford	american of birth
carl_van_vechten	american from
mayumi_inaba	people births
miruna_runcan	romanian births
barbara_faith	american women novelists
fujisawa_shu	japanese births
edith_ellis	english women
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
claudia_casper	21st-century women short
henriette_gislesen	norwegian norwegian
gene_wojciechowski	american from
amber_benson	american women writers
meredith_post	american television writers
gloria_lisé	argentine argentine
peter_plantec	american of birth
michael_ende	german women
dumitru_matcovschi	moldovan writers
corrina_wycoff	american short
mallory_lewis	manuel s. is is a writer writer and
mitchell_hurwitz	american television writers
nor_sanavongsay	american people
gunnel_vallquist	swedish swedish
humberto_costantini	argentine women
andrew_collins_:broadcaster	english male
amy_welborn	american from
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
benjamín_vicuña_mackenna	chilean deaths
charles_dickens	english male
cara_hoffman	21st-century women novelists
pierre_broodcoorens	belgian deaths
hugh_walters_:author	english deaths
david_garnett	20th-century short
alessandro_d'avenia	italian births writers
nancy_williams_watt	american television writers
adam_klein_:writer	american male
don_novello	american male
beverly_cleary	american from
phil_pepe	american deaths
alba_de_céspedes_y_bertini	20th-century women
milan_milićević	serbian deaths
alasdair_gray	british of
david_icke	english of
andrew_collins_:broadcaster	english male
brian_cleeve	irish from
helen_darville	australian australian
dave_laing	english of
qazi_anwar_hussain	bengali writers
barbara_love	american women writers
norman_ward	canadian from
douglas_messerli	american male novelists
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
omar_kureishi	pakistani of
aleksandre_tarsaidze	american deaths
edgar_wallace	english male
dava_sobel	american of
michael_korda	british of
andré_breton	french deaths
daisuke_watanabe	hong comics
gavin_edwards_:writer	american of birth
nikil_saval	american people
marie-anne_de_roumier-robert	french women writers
erico_verissimo	brazilian novelists
claire_mackay	canadian from
barry_mccrea	irish births
oswald_wynd	british of
derek_haas	american male
christine_harris_:author	australian women writers
mary_hood	american women novelists
danny_baker	english educated
etgar_keret	israeli births
otto_rahn	people births
ptolemy	2nd-century writers
mildred_ames	american women novelists
birgit_zotz	mexican births
elisabeth_de_mariaffi	canadian women novelists
ernest_thayer	american from
atin_bandyopadhyay	bengali writers
cherry_potter	year of birth
petar_zoranić	people births
caridad_bravo_adams	mexican women writers
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
hilton_als	american of
mehmed_kapetanović	bosnia and herzegovina
per_olof_sundman	people births
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
fenton_johnson	american american
meliza_bañales	american women
catherine_jones_:novelist	place of birth
david_zindell	american american novelists
durga_charan_mohanty	indian from
craig_hickman	american from
pradeep_sarkar	indian film
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
peter_lovesey	english short
consuelo_de_sánchez_latour	20th-century women
andrei_bitov	russian male
maurice_halperin	american from
michael_e._raynor	canadian people
alpha_rwirangira	living births
brenda_jagger	20th-century romantic novelists
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
greg_daniels	american television
aleksandar_hemon	american american
hanna_krall	people births
catherine_corley_anderson	american women
masahiko_shimada	japanese japanese
clifford_d.simak	american american novelists
elizabeth_herbert,_baroness_herbert_of_lea	english women writers
anna_de_noailles	french french
george_wilbur_peck	american from
pyotr_gnedich	russian russian
fred_bridgland	british of
bohdan_pawłowicz	israeli deaths
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
barry_chamish	canadian from
alissa_nutting	21st-century of novelists
augusto_monterroso	guatemalan short
christina_crawford	american women writers
channing_gibson	american television writers
philip_rees	living children's
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
paul_jessup_:writer	american american novelists
oskar_rosenfeld	austrian jews
melissa_bradshaw	english of
paul_marsden	british of
barbu_ștefănescu_delavrancea	romanian from
penelope_hobhouse	english of
mahmuda_khatun_siddiqua	marc j. is is a writer writer and
g.k.chesterton	english male
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
maria_koleva	french births
angelina_acuña	20th-century women
brian_ford_sullivan	american of birth
arvède_barine	french deaths
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
matthew_mather	canadian from
abbas_el-zein	japanese births
farley_mowat	canadian from
anabela_basalo	serbian of
per_olof_sundman	people births
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
dbc_pierre	australian from
bruce_bawer	american from
anita_nair	20th-century indian
richard_hooker_:author	american from
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
alexander_yashin	ukrainian deaths
blanche_mcmanus	american american writers
myriam_joire	canadian births
mary_hobson	english births
alex_haley	american from
nega_mezlekia	canadian from
denis_gifford	british writers
colin_wilson	english english
alessandro_piperno	italian births
giuseppe_berto	italian italian
grace_lin	american women writers
dun_karm_psaila	people deaths
douglas_haskell	american from
david_eddings	american american novelists
philip_pullman	english of
r._w._gray	canadian canadian
rambriksh_benipuri	20th-century indian
ameen_rihani	american american
peggy_payne	american births
hester_rogers	english births
dionis_bubani	albanian albanian
aya_tanimura	australian women writers
arthur_morrison	english english
mojca_kumerdej	slovenian women
mary_eliza_fullerton	australian women writers
antoine-joseph_pernety	french deaths
polly_frost	21st-century american novelists
doron_medalie	israeli people
esther_averill	american women
cynthia_harrod-eagles	21st-century women novelists
dorothy_gilman	american women novelists
breda_smolnikar	slovenian from
eduardo_liendo	croatian births
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
dan_flores	american from
esaias_tegnér	swedish swedish
nevenka_petrić	turkish writers
robert_dean_frisbie	american from
anne_bishop	american women novelists
anuraadha_tewari	indian from
marie_hall_ets	american of
rawi_hage	canadian women
potturi_vijayalakshmi	living people
brett_halliday	american american
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
margi_preus	american women writers
hermann_broch	austrian deaths
eva_emery_dye	american american
begum_rokeya	20th-century from
min_theinkha	burmese writers
alexandre_beljame	french deaths
brenda_chapman_:writer	21st-century women novelists
naa_someswara	indian people
ana_maría_shua	argentine women
angela_bianchini	italian women
nadia_wheatley	australian women
meagan_mckinney	21st-century women novelists
agnes_nixon	american television
edmund_goulding	people film
mark_gruenwald	american comics
petro_marko	albanian short
norman_ward	canadian from
nancy_taylor_rosenberg	living people
anita_bharti	20th-century women writers
germaine_guèvremont	canadian canadian novelists
eric_liu	american from
pati_hill	american births
raphaël_confiant	french people
angelina_muñiz-huberman	mexican women
nicole_houde	canadian canadian novelists
ostap_vyshnya	russian writers
maurice_g._dantec	french french novelists
david_bergelson	russian writers
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
brian_keenan_:writer	people of
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
henriette_arendt	swedish women
rafael_nieves	american comics
ed_james_:writer	american television
adolf_fierla	polish from
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
henri_queffélec	french male
anatoly_sofronov	recipients of
anna-clara_tidholm	20th-century women writers
mirko_javornik	slovenian from
muazzam_beg	indian film
gwynne_williams	year of birth missing
olga_shapir	russian short
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
mohammadreza_bayrami	iranian births
chantal_renaud	canadian from
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
eric_garcia	american from
anšlavs_eglītis	latvian deaths
bertrand_besigye	norwegian norwegian
oskar_rosenfeld	austrian jews
bettina_von_arnim	german deaths
oliver_la_farge	american american
c.j.sansom	british of
danny_bilson	american television
dhrubajyoti_bora	indian from
nikolai_starikov	russian writers
geoffrey_kingscott	british deaths
melissa_salmons	american television writers
mildred_noble	american women
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
mridula_garg	indian writers
peter_james_:writer	english births
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
georges_ribemont-dessaignes	french french
abraham_h.de_vries	british births
robert_olen_butler	american american
donna_andrews_:author	american women novelists
elizabeth_wormeley_latimer	19th-century women
emily_smith_:author	21st-century women novelists
balakumaran	indian indian
humberto_costantini	argentine women
edgar_wallace	english male
motohiko_izawa	japanese japanese
mckenzie_wark	living people
charles-albert_demoustier	french deaths
adolf_brand	german deaths
mutlaq_hamid_al-otaibi	saudi arabian
bernard_gheur	belgian births
eyvind_johnson	swedish from
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
elizabeth_coatsworth	american women novelists
cynthia_flood	canadian canadian novelists
maría_de_los_ángeles_errisúriz	people births
hank_pellissier	american of writers
c.j.stevens	american american
dr.seuss	american from
george_kashdan	american comics
faranak_margolese	american people
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
edward_robinson_:curator	american of
carol_kalish	american from
nguyễn_quảng_tuân	living people
alan_wellikoff	american of birth
patricia_pearson	canadian people
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
martha_blum	canadian women
ali_el-maak	20th-century deaths
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
barbara_margaret_trimble	20th-century women novelists
eric_chappell	year of birth
andré_aciman	american american
eva_norvind	norwegian women
david_lapham	american comics
burnie_burns	american male
eliza_clark_:author	canadian women writers
peter_plantec	american of birth
nisi_shawl	american american novelists
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
andayya	indian writers
brandon_choi	american of birth
guy_de_maupassant	french french
myles_wilder	american television
aldous_huxley	english from
dorothy_cannell	american from
doris_e.smith	20th-century women writers
dimitrie_prelipcean	moldovan births
maria_lima	american women novelists
michèle_marineau	canadian canadian novelists
anne_bragance	21st-century women writers
asif_farrukhi	pakistani of
emma_maria_pearson	english deaths
eilif_straume	norwegian norwegian
mike_leigh	english male
elizabeth_parson	people births
robert_a.heinlein	american from
else_ury	german deaths
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
richard_g._rosner	american from
muhammed_bozdağ	turkish people
barry_johnston_:writer	english births
darryl_ponicsan	american american novelists
marianne_farningham	british deaths
cherith_baldry	21st-century women novelists
b.s.mardhekar	indian from
henry_s.whitehead	american american short
francisco_bermúdez_de_pedraza	spanish births
amy_thomson	american women novelists
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
d.g.chichester	american comics
andrea_heuser	german women
margaret_maddocks	20th-century women novelists
germaine_greer	australian from
phillips_lord	american from
raquel_verdesoto	ecuadorian deaths
ben_birdsall	british writers
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
gustavo_charif	people births
d.scott_rogo	american births
francesco_scipione,_marchese_di_maffei	italian births
flora_annie_steel	19th-century short
ernst_heilborn	german german
diana_wynne_jones	20th-century women novelists
n_prabhakaran	20th-century male
hugh_howey	american american novelists
candace_camp	american women novelists
peter_demant	russian male
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
brian_halweil	american of birth
françois_bégaudeau	french french
howard_gordon	american television
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
philip_o'connor	british deaths
qazi_mahbub_hussain	year of is
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
maria_lima	american women novelists
george_woodcock	canadian from
rachel_lebowitz	canadian women
nicola_lagioia	italian italian
faturananda	people from
gregory_keyes	american american novelists
bruce_bawer	american from
robert_nichols_:poet	english short
chris_campanioni	mexican births
paula_broadwell	american from
harold_cronk	american births
nigel_rodgers	english from
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
debbie_millman	people births was
mazhar_ul_islam	pakistani births
ben_sherwood	american from
etgar_keret	israeli births
dionis_bubani	albanian albanian
maureen_jennings	21st-century women writers
carole_mortimer	20th-century romantic fiction
mary_peters_:hymn_writer	people births
michael_christie_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
dušan_šarotar	slovenian from
bruce_bawer	american from
mike_resnick	american american novelists
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
greg_bear	american american novelists
anup_singh_choudry	bangladeshi of
mark_schultz_:comics	american comics
heinrich_lilienfein	german deaths
patricia_wrede	21st-century women novelists
elizabeth_burgoyne_corbett	19th-century deaths
george_langelaan	irish of
chris_broadribb	20th-century women writers
edgar_allan_poe	american american
boris_schreiber	french deaths
pyotr_boborykin	russian male
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
cvetka_bevc	slovenian from
barry_chamish	canadian from
cynthia_defelice	20th-century women novelists
aaron_alfandari	people births
arjen_lubach	dutch births
nabarun_bhattacharya	indian of
pål_johan_karlsen	people births
paul_avila_mayer	american television
matthew_condon	australian short
bert_salzman	american film
rick_spears	american from
märta_helena_reenstierna	swedish swedish
barbara_wood	american women novelists
ritam_chowdhury	living people
dimitry_elias_léger	american american
dick_king-smith	english of
paul_dini	american television writers
david_weir_:writer	british births
daur_nachkebia	year of birth missing
daur_nachkebia	year of birth missing
aziz_nesin	turkish births
eleanor_zelliot	american deaths
edwin_denby_:poet	american from
mark_bowden	american from
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
emiliano_reali	italian male
reiko_shimizu	living people
netta_syrett	english english
carlos_noguera	venezuelan births
gustaw_herling-grudziński	polish from
alec_sokolow	american television writers
pallab_kirtania	living from
fred_j.broomfield	australian births
dan_vebber	american television writers
mary_hazelton_blanchard_wade	american from
pam_brady	american television writers
matthias_politycki	german women
robert_musil	20th-century women
arkadiy_belinkov	russian writers
martin_r.dean	michael from is is american writer writer and and
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
musharraf_ali_farooqi	pakistani births
carole_l.glickfeld	american of
don_brinkley	american television
alex_leslie	21st-century women novelists
frank_o'hara	american from
christine_brückner	german women
femi_osofisan	south african
emmanuel_f.lacaba	filipino births
esther_kamatari	21st-century women writers
o._henry	american births
esther_kamatari	21st-century women writers
eric_kripke	american television
olle_länsberg	20th-century births
alden_jones	american from
anita_daher	year women birth
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
rafael_cardoso_:art_historian	mexican births
patricia_maclachlan	american from novelists
anar_rzayev	azerbaijani azerbaijani
delia_grigore	romanian from
dr.balakrishnan	indian film
mary_berry	english educated
bob_ellis	australian from
gertrude_bell	english of
helena_araújo	21st-century short
guy_davenport	american american
caroline_dries	american television writers
adrian_hyland	australian australian
maurice_mierau	canadian from
alice_sebold	21st-century women
adrian_james_martyn	irish births
raja_dhale	dalit writers
henry_winterfeld	american births
mulumba_ivan_matthias	ugandan women
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
marie_gasquet	french women writers
arjun_basu	canadian canadian novelists
andrew_kaufman	canadian of birth
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
meredith_post	american television writers
hazem_farraj	american people
arthur_malkin	english births
andre_norton	american american novelists
charles_nelson_:writer	american of novelists
amrita_pritam	indian from
frank_westerman	japanese births
mary_kennedy	irish births
frédéric_dieudonné	french film
ernest_marwick	scottish deaths
chris_thompson_:tv_producer	american television
bernardo_de_alderete	portuguese births
ashley_bryan	american from
heinz_knobloch	german from
frank_skinner	english educated
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
pío_baroja	spanish births
pierre_béarn	french french
gorur_ramaswamy_iyengar	indian writers
david_bergman_:american_writer	american male
clayton_matthews	american american novelists
ernest_hello	french deaths
bryan_j.l.glass	american comics writers
robert_antelme	french deaths
imad_rahman	american of
c.j.henderson	american male
aaron_elkins	american american novelists
gordon_lish	american american novelists
gene_hong	american television writers
eric_kripke	american television
federico_campbell	mexican women
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
george_madden_martin	american women novelists
arnold_arre	filipino births
angie_abdou	21st-century canadian novelists
noo_saro-wiwa	british of
catherine_millet	french women
galina_shergova	recipients of
asma_gull_hasan	american of
maxine_mcarthur	21st-century women writers
augusto_do_rosário_rodrigues	20th-century male
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
eugene_fodor_:writer	american from
arvind_gokhale	indian writers
armand_lunel	french french
daniil_andreyev	russian male
aliki_theofilopoulos_grafft	american births
dun_karm_psaila	people deaths
eva_norvind	norwegian women
charles_hamilton_:writer	british of
cheon_sang-byeong	people deaths
robert_e.thompson	american from
nicolás_gómez_dávila	chilean deaths
cynthia_kadohata	american women writers
anar_rzayev	azerbaijani azerbaijani
ahmed_mohamed_al-hofi	people of
chester_himes	american from
hemendra_kumar_roy	bengali writers
paul_goma	romanian essayists
panos_koutrouboussis	living people
georges_de_bièvre	french french
rex_stout	american from
harjeet_atwal	indian indian
michael_sampson	american from
arthur_stanley_riggs	american deaths
dave_singleton	american male
mercy_otis_warren	american american
dmitry_strelnikov	russian births
christianne_meneses_jacobs	american of
akshay_chandra_sharma	indian from
germaine_greer	australian from
paul_goble	american of
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
richard_marsland	australian from
miran_jarc	slovenian births
david_e.kelley	american television
denis_johnson	american american
ellen_davitt	australian women
fatema_mernissi	20th-century from
rachel_manley	canadian women writers
rafael_spinola	guatemalan short
graham_linehan	irish births
mo_willems	american from
charity_waciuma	20th-century women
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
dominique_robert	canadian canadian novelists
amina_mama	21st-century of
marion_lennox	australian women writers
paula_giddings	american university
howard_gordon	american television
andrei_sinyavsky	soviet short
paul_jessup_:writer	american american novelists
paula_fox	american women novelists
richard_newman_:broadcaster	lgbt male
danny_baker	english educated
ningombam_bupenda_meitei	indian from
mark_elliott_:british_author	living births
michitsuna_no_haha	10th-century births
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
ian_ridpath	people of
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
freda_cruse_atwell	american women writers
norman_borisoff	american male novelists
max_ehrmann	american births
rex_stout	american from
greg_potter	american of writers
austin_hall_:writer	american american short
george_tabori	people from
betim_muço	albanian albanian
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
andrew_mcculloch_:writer_and_actor	people of
clive_barker	lgbt male
elisa_brune	belgian births
c.s.chellappa	indian indian
eric_marcus	american from
nouritza_matossian	english births
anna_sakse	chilean women
marilyn_jaye_lewis	american births
mike_leigh	english male
ferenc_talányi	people writers
henning_haslund-christensen	people deaths
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
rob_worley	american from
riad_ismat	syrian of
aijaz_ahmad_mangi	pakistani births
aniceto_dos_reis_gonçalves_viana	people births
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
eldridge_cleaver	american from
herbert_huncke	american from
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
mavor_moore	canadian male
angelina_muñiz-huberman	mexican women
miles_franklin	20th-century women writers
martin_pasko	canadian from writers
barry_mccrea	irish births
achille_campanile	italian male
husna_ahmad	british of
frederick_buechner	american from
nathan_thrall	american from
alfred_of_malmesbury	people births
araceli_aipoh	people of
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
carol_mendelsohn	american television writers
david_wong_:writer	american from novelists
paul_heyse	german german
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
brian_aldiss	english from
mrs_f._c._patrick	20th-century women novelists
e.c.myers	american american novelists
carlos_moore_:writer	mexican births
conrad_aiken	american american
dominique_fernandez	french french
daniel_scott_:writer	american american novelists
monica_arac_de_nyeko	ugandan women
david_leavitt	american american
melody_moezzi	american from
henrique_abranches	20th-century from
olivier_weber	french french
mike_curtis_:writer	american comics
rob_roberge	year of birth
gordon_stewart_anderson	canadian from
beverly_cleary	american from
emma_dolujanoff	mexican women writers
edward_gorey	american from
richard_calder_:writer	21st-century short
giammaria_mazzucchelli	italian deaths
masaki_tsuji	japanese births
alan_armstrong	american american novelists
dan_vyleta	canadian from
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
paul_kirchner	american from
angus_reach	19th-century deaths
matt_cohen_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
fran_levstik	slovenian deaths
olivier_weber	french french
paul_b._preciado	lgbt writers
martha_walker_freer	19th-century births
peter_cheyney	english deaths
marjabelle_young_stewart	american births
charlotte_zolotow	american women
robert_antelme	french deaths
mutlaq_hamid_al-otaibi	saudi arabian
mercedes_valdivieso	20th-century women
christine_whelan	american births
bejoy_nambiar	indian film directors
hemley_boum	20th-century births
mike_shepherd_:author	american american novelists
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
christopher_riley	english births
nay_win_myint	burmese writers
ramon_solsona_i_sancho	spanish male
geneviève_brisac	french french
edward_s.aarons	american american novelists
gene_luen_yang	american from
dorothy_cannell	american from
mitradev_mahanta	indian from
bhisham_sahni	indian from
edward_gorey	american from
angelina_muñiz-huberman	mexican women
burnie_burns	american male
glenn_rockowitz	american from
christopher_paul_baker	people of
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
paulette_nardal	20th-century women writers
richard_reeves_:british_author	british people
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
ada_jack_carver_snell	american from
eliza_ruhamah_scidmore	american from
anna_blaman	20th-century women
brian_hodge	american american novelists
patrick_califia	american from
henry_bond	english births
hu_lancheng	people deaths
dick_matena	living births
igor_guberman	russian male
anders_fager	living births
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
henry_s.whitehead	american american short
gayl_jones	20th-century women
mary_hennell	19th-century women writers
christopher_ross_:writer	people births
mary_grannan	canadian women novelists
dan_turèll	male births
elias_abu_shabaki	dutch deaths
renan_demirkan	spanish from
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
mercy_otis_warren	american american
nella_bielski	french french writers
holly_black	american women novelists
abul_bashar	indian writers
peter_rollins	living from
franz_gehring	german deaths
georges_lagrange	french french
gordon_stewart_anderson	canadian from
peter_brash	american television writers
ashley_bryan	american from
michael_blouin_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
aldous_huxley	english from
brenda_webster	21st-century american
go_osaka	japanese japanese
carlos_baker	american from
friedrich_de_la_motte_fouqué	german births
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
robert_levin_:writer	american from
hugh_falkus	english educated
ed_earl_repp	american american short
francisco_gonzález_ledesma	spanish women
alain_robbe-grillet	french french
andrew_berardini	american from
chinelo_okparanta	american women short
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
margaret_sweatman	canadian from
dmitri_savitski	russian writers
markus_zusak	australian from
melinda_m._snodgrass	20th-century american novelists
félix_tanco	19th-century births
arthur_frommer	american from
ali_bey_huseynzade	azerbaijani deaths
george_saunders	american from
david_zindell	american american novelists
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
brian_wood_:comics	american comics
alexander_yashin	ukrainian deaths
anne_roiphe	21st-century women
claude_mckay	people people
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
michael_hanlon	people of
carlos_méndez_villalobos	mexican births
george_m.merrick	american from
françois_rabelais	french male
charles_newman_:author	american from
eleanor_updale	british of
perley_poore_sheehan	american from
florinda_donner	american from
maurice_rosy	belgian births
halldór_laxness	people deaths
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
rob_heppler	living people
nikolai_leykin	russian male
allen_adler	american from
adele_megann	21st-century women short
phil_ford_:writer	british television
hagop_baronian	armenian deaths
p._balachandran	indian male
nastaran_ahmadi	american from
christopher_rowley	american american novelists
mark_rowlands	british writers
helen_steiner_rice	american women
a.l.zissu	romanian romanian
colleen_gleason	american women novelists
meša_selimović	serbian from
casey_plett	canadian canadian
muratsan	armenian deaths
neil_tolkin	canadian of birth
abigail_pogrebin	american from
dea_birkett	british of
patricia_wrightson	australian women
maria_valtorta	german births
chandler_tuttle	american male
mary_grannan	canadian women novelists
mark_o'donnell	american from
bruno_podalydès	french male
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
alan_armstrong	american american novelists
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
brian_aldiss	english from
claire_keegan	21st-century short
henry_bérenger	people deaths
pietro_citati	italian italian
pat_murphy_:sports_journalist	british of birth
garth_ennis	new of
ignasi_ribó	spanish writers
henri-françois_rey	french male
quim_barreiros	living people
ernst_heilborn	german german
chet_raymo	american births
phillip_sandifer	american births
harlan_greene	american american
claire_mowat	canadian women writers
ana_maría_shua	argentine women
peter_sotos	american people
aidan_higgins	irish short
dobrica_erić	serbian of
angela_heywood	american deaths
norman_lear	american from
derek_jewell	british deaths
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
aldous_huxley	english from
christopher_levett	english deaths
david_milch	american from
bruce_bawer	american from
ratnakar_matkari	indian film
dudu_aharon	israeli people
felix_gilman	english male
diana_e.h.russell	south african
manuel_de_jesús_andrade_suárez	people births
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
disappearance_of_susan_walsh	american male
diane_carey	american women novelists
henry_avray_tipping	english deaths
božena_němcová	austrian women
brentley_frazer	australian from
robert_rosen_:writer	american people
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
pedro_sotillo	venezuelan deaths
daniel_handler	american male
florencio_varela_:writer	albanian male
helena_araújo	21st-century short
gustavo_álvarez_gardeazábal	chilean births
alexandre_astier	french male
paul_rieckhoff	american from
anne_seymour,_countess_of_warwick	16th-century births
charles_gramlich	american american short
anatoly_sofronov	recipients of
hanna_krall	people births
per_ahlmark	swedish of
frank_moorhouse	australian short
i.d.du_plessis	south african
aurelio_espinosa_pólit	20th-century novelists
rebecca_walker	american women
damon_young_:writer	american of
anne_rundle	20th-century romantic fiction
adel_al-hussain	american births
david_r.george_iii	american american novelists
piers_brendon	british of
pierre_decourcelle	french french
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
aristide_frémine	19th-century deaths
peter_weiss	german from
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
michael_gilbert	british of
dan_jurgens	american comics
filippo_buonaccorsi	italian male
daniel_dickey	american of
ram_punjwani	indian from
michel_ocelot	french births
rassundari_devi	bengali writers
robert_kirkman	american male
michael_gilbert	british of
bryan_edgar_wallace	british births
hartzell_spence	american american
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
priya_a._s	indian indian
heinz_politzer	american jews
nancy_kress	american american novelists
alex_haley	american from
michel_quint	french births
matt_wagner	american comics
nikos_psyroukis	people deaths
pol_van_den_driessche	living births
henry_baum	american from
edgar_cantero	spanish births
hamilton_mitchell	american film
aaron_becker	american from
richard_girling	living people
abdul_gaffar_choudhury	british of
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
hannah_lowe	british of
mark_ellis_:author	living people
dan_jones_:writer	english of
carlo_fruttero	italian births
igor_mandić	croatian novelists
bano_qudsia	pakistani from
polly_frost	21st-century american novelists
edward_bloor	american american novelists
beatrix_campbell	british of
birendra_kumar_bhattacharya	indian from
giles_milton	british of writers
angela_bianchini	italian women
beatrice_burton	20th-century women novelists
frank_manley	american american
ernest_hello	french deaths
per_ahlmark	swedish of
arimasa_osawa	japanese japanese
alfred_mann_:musicologist	american births
matt_nix	american television writers
niko_nikoladze	ecuadorian novelists
angeline_hango	canadian women novelists
billy_o'callaghan	irish short
faturananda	people from
mark_blagrave	canadian canadian novelists
maria_teresa_maia_gonzalez	living women
craig_hickman	american from
robert_bloch	american american novelists
françois_duprat	french births
friedrich_von_oppeln-bronikowski	german from
mik_duffy	new of writers
garth_christian	english of
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
ralph_fletcher	american american
adam_elliot	australian births
dilman_dila	ugandan women
bruno_podalydès	french male
peter_stanford	english births
alexander_prokhanov	russian writers
christopher_paul_curtis	american from novelists
gerda_weissmann_klein	american american
meagan_mckinney	21st-century women novelists
margaret_ryan	year of fiction
giovanni_battista_cavalcaselle	italian italian
genevieve_foster	american from
margret_kopala	canadian from
h.g.carrillo	american american
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
annie_vivanti	italian women
christabel_bielenberg	people deaths
franz_grillparzer	austrian deaths
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
robert_fisk	people of
neal_drinnan	australian short story
andrew_mcculloch_:writer_and_actor	people of
amiri_baraka	american from
chetty_bhanumurthy	people deaths
marjorie_morgan	20th-century women writers
frédéric_martel	french births
mikhail_alekseyev_:writer	recipients of
mitch_cullin	american american
ghalib_shiraz_dhalla	american from
elhadi_adam	people deaths
dick_king-smith	english of
devon_lehr	american of birth
iason_athanasiadis	american university
boris_pahor	people of
melina_marchetta	australian children's
harry_hodgkinson_:writer	english of
marjorie_van_de_water	20th-century births
david_bezmozgis	canadian from
david_n.weiss	american from
natalie_minardi_slater	american television writers
b.m.suhara	20th-century women
mary_elizabeth_mohl	people from
bart_bull	american of birth
elizabeth_cobbold	19th-century women
francesca_lia_block	20th-century american novelists
elaine_coffman	american romantic novelists
claude_phillips	english of
maría_luisa_elío	spanish from
alice_bailey	english deaths
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
david_nobbs	english educated
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
min_lu	burmese writers
pedro_malón_de_chaide	spanish births
nigel_calder	english educated
david_rakoff	american american
petru_cărare	moldovan writers
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
hans_joachim_alpers	german births
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
maryam_sachs	iranian people
michael_jacobs	american television
grace_paley	american american
minfong_ho	living people
charlotte_o'conor_eccles	19th-century births
c.j.stevens	american american
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
pavao_posilović	bosnia and herzegovina
carl_amery	german male
nordahl_rolfsen	norwegian births
dorothy_cannell	american from
bogomir_magajna	slovenian births
robert_j.sawyer	canadian from
graeme_davis_:game_designer	video comics
enrique_dussel	argentine from
paul_goble	american of
max_benitz	english male
flora_kidd	20th-century women novelists
frank_decaro	american from
h.g.carrillo	american american
andy_borowitz	american from
dox_:poet	20th-century deaths
norman_rush	american american novelists
catherine_yronwode	american from
debbie_moon	21st-century women writers
holley_rubinsky	canadian women novelists
richard_bach	american from
maud_de_belleroche	21st-century women writers
ralph_fletcher	american american
holly_nelson	canadian of
reed_farrel_coleman	american american novelists
richard_b._spencer	american from
carole_wilkinson	australian children's writers
anne_villeneuve	canadian from
michael_woods_:comics	american of birth
gail_gibbons	american of writers
dominique_fernandez	french french
margret_rey	german births
eva_norvind	norwegian women
christine_miscione	21st-century women novelists
dan_gillmor	american of
eleanor_clymer	american from
elías_pino_iturrieta	people births
fabio_volo	italian births
h.g.carrillo	american american
fazil_iskander	russian short
edmond_fleg	french french
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
colum_mccann	american from
elizabeth_lambert	20th-century women novelists
rigas_feraios	turkish writers
evgenia_tur	russian short
pamela_morsi	american women novelists
devon_lehr	american of birth
robert_rimmer	american from
aníbal_cristobo	argentine women
chandler_owen	american deaths
guy_davenport	american american
pat_proft	american television
randa_abdel-fattah	australian people
ping_lu	21st-century women
dorothy_allison	american women
clara_royer	people of birth
aaron_mcgruder	american from
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
genevieve_foster	american from
casey_plett	canadian canadian
park_taesun	living births
aaron_paquette	canadian from
germaine_greer	australian from
pattukkottai_prabakar	indian women
edmonde_charles-roux	french french
mike_penner	american from
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
bob_drury	american male
mike_reiss	american television writers
norma_farber	american women
helmut_preißler	german women
rajkumar_jhalajit_singh	indian of
elizabeth_cobbold	19th-century women
elena_torre	italian women writers
gregory_keyes	american american novelists
george_clayton_johnson	american american novelists
david_mercer_:writer	american births
mohammed_naseehu_ali	american from
erik_oleson	american television writers
richard_montanari	american american novelists
elizabeth_sims	21st-century women novelists
august_alle	estonian deaths
max_bunker	living births
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
fortune_feimster	american television
peter_gibbs_:cricketer	english educated
david_pogue	american from
adam_kay_:writer	living births
gary_victor	haitian dramatists
beno_zupančič	slovenian deaths
paco_ignacio_taibo_i	mexican from
i.d.du_plessis	south african
oksana_marafioti	american people
allan_zullo	american of birth
margaret_wise_brown	american women
paul_kidd	australian short story
anna_holmes	american of
arthur_bedford_:writer	people of
pat_condell	english educated
michael_barringer	british of
mehmed_kapetanović	bosnia and herzegovina
clyde_bruckman	american film
edgar_allan_poe	american american
franz_borkenau	austrian deaths
brian_ash_:bibliographer	british births
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
arshag_chobanian	armenian deaths
bruce_woolley	english births
nuala_ní_chonchúir	irish women
pablo_de_jérica	spanish births
david_a.adler	american from
clara_sereni	italian women
rhim_ju-yeon	living births
beverly_cleary	american from
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
earl_mindell	american from
olivier_weber	french french
reginald_hill	english of
michael_jackson_:writer	english educated
reynaldo_a._duque	people writers
ian_mckay_:writer	british of
marilyn_suzanne_miller	american television
raymond_mortimer	people of
ernst_hinterberger	people from
patrice_nganang	kenyan novelists
andrés_del_corral	people births
nathanaël	canadian women novelists
henry_blue_kline	american american
arthur_frederick_jones	american of
margarita_bobba	italian women death
emanuilo_janković	serbian deaths
david_gaider	canadian game dragons
aravind_adiga	20th-century births
rhys_hughes	british births
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
bruce_pascoe	australian of writers
patrick_clarke	american from
ben_antao	canadian canadian novelists
gore_vidal	american from
daniel_sieradski	american births
garnet_walch	australian deaths
charlotte_zolotow	american women
camara_laye	20th-century novelists
pat_murphy_:writer	american american short
erwin_strittmatter	german of
musa_haji_ismail_galal	indonesian deaths
alberto_de_angelis	italian births writers
ed_brubaker	american comics
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
eve_zaremba	canadian women
rob_lotterstein	american of writers
amanda_havard	american women novelists
percival_everett	american american
ann_grocott	australian women
henri_chantavoine	french deaths
greg_critser	american of birth
david_j.mitchell	canadian from
maria_doolaeghe	german births
david_gallaher	american from
carla_lane	english from
gaston_de_pawlowski	french french
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
diana_abgar	people from
drusilla_modjeska	australian australian
deric_longden	english deaths
amos_luzzatto	italian male
basil_copper	english births
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
betty_o'rourke	20th-century deaths novelists
bill_brewster_:dj	british writers
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
balázs_orbán	people births
david_mourão-ferreira	19th-century births
bret_hart	canadian from
gadul_singh_lama	indian male
pat_bullard	canadian people
hrvoje_hitrec	croatian novelists
rachna_gilmore	canadian women
natalie_minardi_slater	american television writers
alexander_levitov	russian russian
celia_thaxter	american american
hu_yepin	20th-century deaths
gilbert_gerard_:theological_writer	scottish of
gary_turbak	year of birth missing
margaret_yorke	20th-century births novelists
owen_kildare	american american novelists
markus_hediger	swiss from
abdul_muis	2nd-century births
evelyn_waugh	english of
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
ehsan_masood	british of
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
donald_e.westlake	american american novelists
paul_stewart_:writer	english of birth
michèle_mailhot	canadian canadian novelists
david_chase	american television
robert_byron	people of
andrei_bitov	russian male
parker_marie_molloy	american from
doris_piserchia	american women novelists
morag_joss	21st-century women writers
djuna_barnes	american american
aranka_siegal	american women
francis_stuart	irish deaths
paullina_simons	writers from
amy_sterling_casil	american american short
dwayne_wayans	american male
david_rakoff	american american
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
giannina_braschi	american women
edwin_charles_tubb	20th-century births novelists
alix_kates_shulman	21st-century women novelists
edward_ball_:american_author	american from
myrna_dey	canadian women novelists
patricia_briggs	21st-century women novelists
noo_saro-wiwa	british of
giannis_agouris	turkish births
betty_neels	20th-century women novelists
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
douglas_kent_hall	american from
paul_tough	canadian people
robert_karjel	living births
pryse_lockhart_gordon	british of
adriano_gonzález_león	20th-century novelists
enrique_dussel	argentine from
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
herbert_meier	people of
bill_bauer_:poet	canadian from
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
barbara_branden	canadian from
marti_leimbach	21st-century women novelists
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
frank_asch	american from
cathy_park_hong	american from
pierre_bellemare	french male
ilia_chavchavadze	people from
pramatha_chaudhuri	bengali deaths
marianne_alopaeus	dutch women
radovan_brenkus	living people
hiroshi_mori_:writer	japanese japanese
patrick_white	australian short
david_anthony_kraft	american comics
cynthia_ozick	american american
crystal_wilkinson	american american
andrei_vartic	moldovan writers
peter_stursberg	canadian of
matthew_weiner	american television
gabriel_benoist	french deaths
mary_soon_lee	21st-century women writers
mercedes_carvajal_de_arocha	chilean deaths
gunnel_vallquist	swedish swedish
i.d.du_plessis	south african
ela_peroci	slovenian from
danielle_walker	american women
frances_edmonds	year of birth missing
doris_e.smith	20th-century women writers
connie_willis	american american novelists
aquiles_nazoa	venezuelan from
hal_clement	american science novelists
arthur_kemp	new african
henry_halsey_noyes	american from
norma_farber	american women
frank_moorhouse	australian short
gurdial_singh	indian from
ellen_anne_hewett	people births
garrett_fort	american male novelists
edith_bruck	20th-century women
ramsey_campbell	english english
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
heather_mcgowan	american women
ilya_tolstoy	russian russian
barbara_hall_:tv_producer	american women writers
d.v.narasa_raju	people births
matt_k._lewis	american of
ellen_kushner	21st-century women novelists
frances_edmonds	year of birth missing
antonio_muñoz_molina	spanish births
max_kretzer	people births
francesc_eiximenis	portuguese of
rafael_spinola	guatemalan short
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
phạm_duy_khiêm	german writers
ernesto_sabato	argentine births
hannah_more	english women
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
paul_fleischman	american american novelists
augustin_hamon	french deaths
paul_alexander_:british_writer	living of birth
michael_o'donoghue	american male
alex_flinn	american women novelists
elisabeth_hauptmann	20th-century women
ida_pollock	20th-century women novelists
david_anthony_kraft	american comics
charles_étienne_brasseur_de_bourbourg	french french
elisabeth_augustin	20th-century women
charles_hugh_smith	american births
pavao_pavličić	croatian novelists
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
rain_chudori	living births
nicholas_tchkotoua	russian deaths
arsen_revazov	russian writers
cizia_zykë	french french
david_schwartz_:comics	american of birth
meir_shalev	israeli births
nan_chauncy	australian from
mira_mihelič	slovenian from
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
nagendra_vijay	living writers
patrick_califia	american from
charlotte_o'conor_eccles	19th-century births
perch_proshyan	armenian deaths
harold_brodkey	american from
peter_bieri_:author	living births
panteleimon_romanov	russian short
richard_t._williamson	american people
errol_fuller	british male
pere_calders	20th-century novelists
dominik_smole	slovenian novelists
caridad_bravo_adams	mexican women writers
david_means	american of
críostóir_ó_floinn	people births
boris_lavrenyov	russian male
amrita_pritam	indian from
rintaro_norizuki	japanese japanese
carlos_baker	american from
alphonse_de_châteaubriant	french french
clara_royer	people of birth
barbu_ștefănescu_delavrancea	romanian from
claire_de_duras	french births
edith_josie	canadian from
charles_gramlich	american american short
cecília_meireles	brazilian women
michael_friscolanti	canadian of
marc_handler	marc deaths is is a writer writer and
harriet_a.washington	american of birth
matthew_weiner	american television
françois_rabelais	french male
frank_lupo	american television writers
htin_gyi	burmese from
barbara_m.joosse	american of writers
debito_arudou	american from
martin_andersen_nexø	danish births
paula_cwikly	american television writers
petar_pjesivac	australian births
connie_martinson	american from
adam_radwanski	canadian from
branko_gradišnik	slovenian from
pavel_nilin	russian short
geoffrey_dennis	english births
r.t.kendall	marc births is is a writer writer and
mary_elizabeth_hawker	19th-century women
don_roff	american male novelists
carl_sonnenschein	german deaths
acharya_chatursen_shastri	20th-century male
gustav_falke	german from
don_novello	american male
charles_mudede	american from
hovhannes_setian	armenian deaths
gleb_uspensky	russian male
güney_dal	german births
george_gladir	american comics
bill_lee_:author	american from
bruce_feiler	american from
michelle_jerott	21st-century women writers
potturi_vijayalakshmi	living people
mark_bowden	american from
mika_waltari	finnish births
bhisham_sahni	indian from
clara_tschudi	norwegian deaths
gillian_horvath	american television writers
africanus_horton	people births
hazem_farraj	american people
angela_narth	canadian children's writers
otto_tausig	austrian male
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
alekos_sakellarios	croatian novelists
richard_euringer	german male
poola_tirupati_raju	indian from
aníbal_cristobo	argentine women
hal_block	american from
charlotte_delbo	20th-century women
andrew_klavan	american american
hanna_krall	people births
francis_foster_barham	english births
anton_rønneberg	norwegian norwegian
netta_syrett	english english
alberto_fuguet	american births
andreas_bruce	swedish births
alexander_druzhinin	russian russian
babasaheb_purandare	indian deaths
emmanuel_bove	french male
frank_lupo	american television writers
alan_moore	english births
ginn_hale	american american short
robert_sheckley	american from novelists
poola_tirupati_raju	indian from
r._w._bradford	american from
francisco_de_moraes	year births
ahmad_bashir	pakistani from
michael_costigan_:writer	australian births
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
andré_breton	french deaths
david_e.kelley	american television
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
farley_mowat	canadian from
michele_val_jean	american television writers
conrado_nalé_roxlo	argentine male
alexander_tarasov-rodionov	russian male
brenda_silsbe	canadian women writers
neil_innes	english births
david_whitley	people of
robert_bloch	american american novelists
edna_mayne_hull	20th-century women novelists
gregg_easterbrook	american from
radoje_domanović	serbian deaths
micki_dickoff	american of birth
beryl_bainbridge	20th-century of
matt_k._lewis	american of
mary_hood	american women novelists
edmund_wilson	american from
craig_rosebraugh	american births
eugie_foster	american american novelists
bhudev_mukhopadhyay	bengali from
dimosthenis_kourtovik	greek births
robert_kirkman	american male
agata_tuszyńska	people deaths
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
amy_peikoff	american from
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
bruce_feiler	american from
milan_mirić	croatian novelists
bhalchandra_vaman_kelkar	people births
friedrich_märker	german from
dibyendu_palit	indian of
muhammad_husain_azad	indian from
maureen_medved	21st-century women novelists
colin_wilson	english english
hisham_matar	american of
megan_morrone	american births
femi_ojo_ade	canadian of novelists
marion_bloem	21st-century women
nagavarma_i	indian from
conrad_aiken	american american
marie-anne_de_roumier-robert	french women writers
brian_michael_bendis	american from
aminatta_forna	21st-century of novelists
amy_sterling_casil	american american short
david_ebershoff	american male
gabriella_ambrosio	italian births
firaq_gorakhpuri	indian from
dorothy_sterling	american women
qudrat_ullah_shahab	pakistani of
arlynn_leiber_presser	american births
eleanor_millard	canadian canadian short
bob_paris	american from
devan_:writer	20th-century from
martha_rofheart	american women novelists
richard_c._meredith	american american short
hanna_mina	syrian writers
chuck_lorre	american television
bob_bendetson	american television writers
maxence_caron	french french
neil_innes	english births
augusta_stevenson	american women writers
neil_mossey	british people
david_ebershoff	american male
olha_kobylianska	ukrainian from
eric_kaplan	american from
barry_johnston_:writer	english births
david_whitaker_:screenwriter	english births
otto_rahn	people births
constantin_stamati-ciurea	people from
francesco_marciuliano	american comics
dorit_rabinyan	israeli novelists
michael_shermer	american from
masti_venkatesha_iyengar	indian writers
ayu_utami	indonesian writers
brian_lumley	english english
maura_johnston	american women writers
chintha_ravi	indian male
aidan_higgins	irish short
dick_matena	living births
carl_muller	south lankan
afdlin_shauki	malaysian deaths
george_mogridge_:old_humphrey	english english
chandler_tuttle	american male
elmer_bendiner	american deaths
cornelia_meigs	american american
meliza_bañales	american women
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
chuck_philips	american from
beatrice_burton	20th-century women novelists
arthur_frommer	american from
amelie_fried	german women writers
max_gallo	french people
richard_zenith	mexican women
frank_moorhouse	australian short
helena_araújo	21st-century short
mik_duffy	new of writers
anne_digby	english births writers
bruce_vilanch	american from
gabriella_ambrosio	italian births
marie_fouquet	french women writers
claire_zulkey	american women writers
panchapakesa_jayaraman	indian of
bernie_west	american from
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
donna_jo_napoli	american women novelists
andré_aciman	american american
henry_lawson	australian women
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
georgia_byng	people of
adam_browne	australian births
qustaki_al-himsi	ottoman deaths
diana_e.h.russell	south african
a.s.king	21st-century women novelists
mercedes_carvajal_de_arocha	chilean deaths
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
mercer_simpson	people of
margaret_potter	20th-century romantic novelists
gish_jen	american short short
mary_lee_settle	american american
dorothy_macardle	irish deaths
crane_wilbur	american from
florence_caddy	people births
alison_weir	british of
charles_exbrayat	20th-century french novelists
carl_wilhelm_böttiger	swedish swedish
danny_bilson	american television
marie-claire_blais	canadian canadian
hilda_twongyeirwe	ugandan women
hal_higdon	american from
heinz_knobloch	german from
donna_kossy	american women
nevenka_petrić	turkish writers
glenn_rockowitz	american from
quentin_lee	canadian from
henry_liu	20th-century from
beverly_cleary	american from
dox_:poet	20th-century deaths
aniceto_dos_reis_gonçalves_viana	people births
mayumi_inaba	people births
david_j.bradley	american from
clive_matthew-wilson	australian births
andrea_camilleri	italian italian
mary_wibberley	english women novelists
chigozie_obioma	nigerian nigerian
edmund_goulding	people film
david_heneker	english deaths
robert_heron_:writer	scottish births
henry_j.latham_:writer	year of birth
hugh_sebag-montefiore	british births
brad_falchuk	american television writers
morgan_bell	australian from
olle_adolphson	swedish from
edward_ormondroyd	american of novelists
athénaïs_michelet	french women
herbert_achternbusch	german german
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
e.r.frank	american of writers
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
claude_roger-marx	french french
david_eick	american of birth
elie_wiesel	american american
phạm_duy_khiêm	german writers
alexander_frater	australian births
curtis_sittenfeld	american women short
gerasimos_vokos	people deaths
arthur_dimmock	people births
patricia_wrede	21st-century women novelists
randa_jarrar	21st-century american
arthur_j.burks	american from
millôr_fernandes	brazilian dramatists
bernard_rudofsky	people deaths
francis_chalifour	canadian from
cate_shortland	australian births
henri_nathansen	male male
charlotte_elizabeth_tonna	english women writers
caelius_rhodiginus	italian deaths
alexandra_sviridova	russian women writers
mark_pryor_:author	american from
melissa_bradshaw	english of
charles_willeford	american from
paula_broadwell	american from
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
brian_aldiss	english from
nele_neuhaus	living people writers
david_alan_mack	american of novelists
maria_flook	living children's
marguerite_steen	people births
meredith_tax	american births
apache_indian	bangladeshi male
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
michael_stemmle	living game
benedict_james	british births
cat_marnell	american from
breyten_breytenbach	south african
ada_jack_carver_snell	american from
erika_cheetham	english deaths
gore_vidal	american from
peter_brown_:illustrator	american births
marie-sissi_labrèche	canadian canadian novelists
gisele_lagace	canadian comics
elizabeth_parson	people births
pat_proft	american television
anthony_m.rud	american american novelists
charles_wisner_barrell	people deaths
aonghas_macneacail	scottish births
matthew_weiner	american television
alexander_mccall_smith	scottish of
petra_hammesfahr	german women
claude_cariguel	french french novelists
marion_st_john_webb	english women
max_huwyler	living people
charles-albert_demoustier	french deaths
edward_lewes_cutts	english deaths
d'arcy_mcnickle	american american
carl_van_vechten	american from
gordon_stewart_anderson	canadian from
bess_meredyth	american from
mike_fasolo	american people
deborah_colker	brazilian births
elsa_kazi	pakistani births
connie_willis	american american novelists
martin_andersen_nexø	danish births
celia_thaxter	american american
marjorie_morgan	20th-century women writers
craig_kyle	american of birth
bruce_bawer	american from
chuck_austen	american of birth
gordon_stewart_anderson	canadian from
franco_scaglia	italian italian
robert_gernhardt	german german
melissa_harris-perry	american from
ian_penman	british births
eugene_george_key	american american novelists
denise_robertson	english of
abby_mann	american television
delwar_hussain	alumni of
harvey_broadbent	australian from
conrad_voss_bark	british births
elizabeth_arnold_:children's_writer	english births
matthew_quick	american from novelists
alexander_russell_webb	american from
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
candice_millard	american of
dale_smith_:writer	english male
grant_morrison	people of
alexander_mazin	russian births
erica_messer	american television writers
debbie_moon	21st-century women writers
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
bettina_von_arnim	german deaths
charles_nisard	french deaths
charles-jean-françois_hénault	french deaths
alfred_of_malmesbury	people births
harold_brodkey	american from
andersen_gabrych	american male
dox_:poet	20th-century deaths
cynthia_ozick	american american
andy_borowitz	american from
arthur_j.rees	1859 births
qazi_anwar_hussain	bengali writers
arno_camenisch	swiss births
doreen_baingana	ugandan women writers
henry_s.whitehead	american american short
bernardo_de_alderete	portuguese births
maryse_dubuc	canadian births
frank_bartleman	american births
dorit_rabinyan	israeli novelists
ben_moor_:writer	english male
allan_chappelow	people of
davide_cali	italian births
mike_sussman_:tv_series_writer/producer	american people
rita_williams-garcia	american women novelists
andrew_bovell	australian births
min_yu_wai	burmese writers
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
p._n._furbank	people of
daniel_scott_:writer	american american novelists
c.s.rao_:writer	filipino births
mary_berry	english educated
rachel_qitsualik-tinsley	canadian women writers
adam_begley	american from
rob_lotterstein	american of writers
quim_monzó	spanish births
maximilian_kravkov	people deaths
margarita_engle	21st-century women novelists
mark_bowden	american from
adriana_lisboa	brazilian women
ed_greenwood	dungeons game dragons
narinder_singh_kapoor	living people
andrew_klavan	american american
collin_wilcox_:writer	american american novelists
mervyn_peake	english from
dakshinaranjan_mitra_majumder	bengali writers
haden_blackman	american comics birth
david_orton_:deep_ecology	canadian from
d.scott_rogo	american births
fazillah_abdul_gaffa	south births
gegham_ter-karapetian	armenian deaths
george_langelaan	irish of
grant_allen	canadian from
annie_groovie	canadian from
navid_kermani	living births
aslak_dørum	norwegian births
glenda_millard	australian women writers
edmund_goulding	people film
georges_cogniot	french deaths
bohdan_pawłowicz	israeli deaths
catherine_millet	french women
christiane_rochefort	french women writers
maria_pypelinckx	flemish births
gokulchandra_nag	bengali deaths
maria_antònia_oliver_cabrer	spanish writers
eliezer_steinman	israeli jews
arabella_edge	21st-century women writers
nedžad_ibrišimović	bosnia and
rabina_khan	british of
claudine_monteil	french women
anne_degrace	21st-century women writers
ferdinand_brunetière	french deaths
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
caleb_crain	american of
punaloor_balan	indian from
fenton_johnson	american american
fran_levstik	slovenian deaths
mark_bostridge	british of
quentin_crisp	english male
desmond_hogan	irish short
harry_browne	american from
maude_kegg	american women writers
grant_allen	canadian from
richard_levinson	american television
percival_everett	american american
oles_honchar	ukrainian convocation
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
david_gallaher	american from
elisabeth_borchers	20th-century women
alan_bradley_:writer	21st-century from
michael_chamberlain	australian from
andrew_coburn_:author	american american novelists
heda_margolius_kovály	20th-century women
penelope_wallace	people deaths
adolf_brand	german deaths
nathan_shaham	israeli novelists
paul_rogers_:novelist	american from
gong_sun-ok	south births
franco_lucentini	italian births
barry_unsworth	english of
mary_noailles_murfree	american women writers
p._sivakami	living writers
chito_s.roño	belgian film
ranjit_desai	indian from
nina_arkina	20th-century women writers
maria_benedita_bormann	brazilian women
michitsuna_no_haha	10th-century births
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
philippe_soupault	french french
marjorie_w._sharmat	american women writers
maxine_mcarthur	21st-century women writers
alexander_belyaev	russian deaths
charlie_jane_anders	21st-century of novelists
ernest_gébler	irish from
barry_o'brien	american television
gordon_stewart_anderson	canadian from
donna_williams	australian from
andrew_williams_:novelist	people of
michael_christie_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
annie_vivanti	italian women
elizabeth_walter	20th-century of fiction
abdellah_taïa	21st-century from
guo_jingming	people births
constance_lindsay_skinner	canadian from
peter_tennant	english births
david_pogue	american from
michel_ocelot	french births
michael_t._kaufman	american from
gustav_wied	male male
rita_clay_estrada	21st-century women novelists
marjorie_gross	canadian from
norman_ian_mackenzie	people of
bhisham_sahni	indian from
c.k.stead	new zealand
mark_waid	american comics
nathuram_premi	indian deaths
banine	azerbaijani from
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
frank_simoes	indian writers
carmen_covito	italian births
pat_brown_:criminal_profiler	american women writers
mick_anglo	people births
paul_leppin	austrian births
noel_loomis	american from
nellie_hermann	21st-century american novelists
martín_hahn	croatian births
helene_hanff	american women
amrit_rai	indian from
abdulah_sidran	bosnia and
bhudev_mukhopadhyay	bengali from
peter_cunningham_:writer	english deaths
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
hamid_dizdar	bosnia and
bohdan_pawłowicz	israeli deaths
david_callaham	american births
mark_schultz_:comics	american comics
andra_medea	american women writers
robert_h.abel	american american short
max_tau	german deaths
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
michael_sledge	american male
rikki_ducornet	american american novelists
andrew_michael_hurley	british of birth missing
donald_goines	american from
debbie_barham	english educated
rick_copp	american from
eric_rhode	british births
andrew_clements	american from
nur-eldeen_masalha	living births
anatoly_gunitsky	soviet of
anthony_browne_:author	british of writers
orde_m._coombs	american from
greg_kearney	canadian canadian novelists
mitch_swenson	american of birth
nate_jackson	living births
gholam-hossein_sa'edi	20th-century short
alberto_barrera_tyszka	croatian novelists
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
boris_schreiber	french deaths
rita_mae_brown	american american
arnold_bennett	english male
edward_maitland	english deaths
raquel_verdesoto	ecuadorian deaths
elizabeth_sims	21st-century women novelists
alexander_fadeyev_:writer	soviet of
alexandra_shimo	canadian canadian
david_ruprecht	american from
adrienne_monson	american women novelists
franz_fühmann	german german
geoffrey_archer_:writer	english births
ping_lu	21st-century women
mary_wollstonecraft	english deaths
africanus_horton	people births
aziz_nesin	turkish births
eric_irvin	australian births
margaret_maron	american women novelists
dahvi_waller	canadian from writers
max_simon_ehrlich	american male novelists
arcady_aris	chuvash births
michael_mcquarn	american television writers
philip_e._tetlock	canadian of
mitch_swenson	american of birth
oh_sangwon	south births
breyten_breytenbach	south african
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
faolán_mac_an_ghabhann_na_scéal	people births
pío_baroja	spanish births
gilles_leroy	21st-century essayists
colin_mcnaughton	english of
najat_el_hachmi	spanish births
edward_m.brecher	american from
nicholas_sparks	american american
asim_mahmood	pakistani births
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
annette_lapointe	canadian women
mike_heisler	american of birth
ann_hyland	british of birth
gustavo_corção	chilean deaths
golam_mostofa_:poet	indian from
noriko_ogiwara	japanese japanese
patricia_gaffney	21st-century women novelists
daisy_hernández	american women
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
p._j._wolfson	american from
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
randall_jahnson	american male
maria_aurora_couto	indian women
mikey_walsh	english births
hans_krieger	german german
rachel_kushner	21st-century american novelists
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
furman_bisher	american from
mark_katzman	american from
danny_danko	american male
c.k.stead	new zealand
barbara_cooney	american from
francisco_azuela	mexican births
alexandre_beljame	french deaths
annabelle_white	new zealand writers
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
p._craig_russell	american comics
eun_heekyung	south korean
rachel_zadok	south african
martin_pasko	canadian from writers
robert_olen_butler	american american
rebecca_winters	american women novelists
fanny_parkes	people births
marianne_farningham	british deaths
peter_lovesey	english short
nigel_nicolson	people of
aron_eli_coleite	american television writers
philip_tinari	american people
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
marcus_dunstan	marc iacub is a a writer writer and
debra_spark	american from
abraham_eraly	indian writers
demetria_daniels	american women writers
mulraj_rajda	indian births
hovhannes_setian	armenian deaths
evgeny_schwartz	russian male
eugene_kozlovsky	russian male
hans_beimler_:screenwriter	american television writers
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
chris_campanioni	mexican births
peter_plantec	american of birth
alison_goodman	20th-century women writers
noelle_valdivia	american of birth
mike_sussman_:tv_promotions_writer/producer	american people writers
alec_sulkin	american television writers
greg_daniels	american television
christine_miscione	21st-century women novelists
dominique_noguez	french french novelists
maurice_constantin-weyer	french french
richard_calder_:writer	21st-century short
andrás_sütő	romanian novelists
bernard_goldberg	american from
douglas_haskell	american from
chad_harbach	american american
aaron_paquette	canadian from
farah_naqvi	bangladeshi people
pablo_de_jérica	spanish births
maxim_gorky	russian male
agnes_hewes	american from
patricia_cornwell	21st-century american novelists
eve_titus	american deaths
c.j.stevens	american american
gish_jen	american short short
clay_shirky	american people
cesare_sterbini	italian italian
christine_brückner	german women
helen_zimmern	english births
paul_castiglia	american comics
nawal_kishore_dhawal	people deaths
n._m._browne	english women writers
akash_rajpal	canadian births
michael_mcquarn	american television writers
paul_avila_mayer	american television
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
evan_solomon	canadian people
annie_lee_rees	new zealand
brian_mcnaughton	american american novelists
david_eddie	canadian from
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
p._schuyler_miller	american american short
françois_duprat	french births
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
dmitri_prigov	russian male
margery_allingham	20th-century women novelists
maxine_lapiduss	american television writers
gabriel_benoist	french deaths
friedrich_christian_delius	german from
halldór_laxness	people deaths
robert_musil	20th-century women
a.m.dellamonica	21st-century canadian short
onat_kutlar	turkish writers
peter_kovačič_peršin	slovenian births
panchu_arunachalam	indian film
niel_bushnell	english births
georgi_vladimov	russian writers
d'arcy_mcnickle	american american
rina_mimoun	american television writers
david_pritchard_:chess_player	british births
mike_grell	american comics
claude-françois-xavier_mercier_de_compiègne	french french
allen_r.morris	american from
patricia_maldonado	brazilian births
eric_talbot	american comics writers
per_erik_hedman	living births
charles_de_lint	21st-century from novelists
peter_rühmkorf	german from
hector_charlesworth	people deaths
paul_stewart_:writer	english of birth
fan_s.noli	albanian albanian
daniel_pennac	french french
enrico_borla	italian births
mike_penner	american from
alexander_amfiteatrov	russian russian
harjeet_atwal	indian indian
clive_barker	lgbt male
moderata_fonte	italian women
nancy_cato	20th-century women
akiva_schaffer	american male
etta_federn	mexican women
angela_litschev	german women
annamarie_jagose	21st-century women
herbert_kenwith	american births
cary_lu	american births
alan_ball_:screenwriter	american from
nik_welter	people births
caroline_dries	american television writers
niko_pucić	serbian deaths
michael_ruppert	american from
igor_mandić	croatian novelists
minette_walters	21st-century women novelists
anthony_burgess	english from
douglas_adams	english from
i.marlene_king	american television
miriam_young	american births
mary_craig_sinclair	people deaths
gerald_vizenor	american american
anna_seghers	german of
andreas_bruce	swedish births
peadar_toner_mac_fhionnlaoich	people deaths
anabel_ochoa	spanish births
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
alec_berg	american of writers
marion_bloem	21st-century women
carmen_dolores	brazilian women
andreas_burnier	dutch dutch
peter_de_rome	american births
paulo_fernando_craveiro	people people
marguerite_young	20th-century women
mark_porter_:writer	living births
grace_paley	american american
genevieve_foster	american from
milly_witkop	german births
michael_ruppert	american from
myron_coureval_fagan	american from
dionisio_pérez_gutiérrez	people births
bill_sherk	year of birth
ester_wier	american women
arthur_c.clarke	english from
guri_vesaas	norwegian norwegian writers
mike_mearls	american people
pedro_barrantes	valencian from
heike_brandt	german women writers
géza_gárdonyi	chilean deaths
brian_clegg_:writer	people of
gary_demar	american from writers
maurice_halperin	american from
max_apple	american male
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
bernard_noël	french french novelists
michael_barringer	british of
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
carlos_dews	american from
robert_e.thompson	american from
arnold_m.auerbach	american television
andrew_weinberg	american male
elizabeth_george_speare	american american novelists
edward_litt_laman_blanchard	english deaths
awn_alsharif_qasim	people deaths
nagen_saikia	indian indian
mike_albo	american from
miguel_de_portilla_y_esquivel	spanish births
friedrich_de_la_motte_fouqué	german births
marie-anne_de_bovet	french women writers
ignacio_ramírez	austrian deaths
anne_eyre_worboys	20th-century women novelists
per_ahlmark	swedish of
alan_woo	21st-century canadian novelists
rich_blomquist	american television
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
helmut_preißler	german women
michael_barnes_:canadian_author	canadian of
frank_d.graham	american of
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
monica_ali	british women
morten_korch	male short
drago_jančar	slovenian from
bharago	indian from
francisco_herrera_luque	20th-century novelists
olivier_rolin	french french
dawn_atkins_:anthropologist	american from
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
danny_bilson	american television
bruce_bawer	american from
mark_bence-jones	people of
myke_cole	american american novelists
megan_williams_:author	canadian women
paul_petit_:writer	french deaths
emily_underdown	english women
dan_vebber	american television writers
choe_yun	south korean
namita_gokhale	indian women writers
rhianna_pratchett	english people
richard_appel	american from
pascale_quiviger	canadian canadian novelists
rob_nieuwenhuys	dutch dutch
erich_ebermayer	german male
bernadette_hall	new zealand novelists
dan_flores	american from
mira_mihelič	slovenian from
françois_para_du_phanjas	people births
robert_harling_:writer	american male
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
peter_townend_:novelist	english births novelists
dan_j.marlowe	american american novelists
abdul_rahim_dard	malaysian deaths was
olivier_rolin	french french
dominik_smole	slovenian novelists
iain_sinclair	alumni of
andrew_henderson_:writer	scottish births
hirotaka_tobi	japanese japanese
penelope_lively	21st-century of novelists
margaret_pemberton	english births
per_olof_sundman	people births
ephraim_chambers	people births
nick_spencer	american of birth
anthony_ryan_:writer	british science
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
dr.seuss	american from
greg_olear	american from
dimitri_vladimirovich_isayev	chuvash deaths
robert_j.burch	american american novelists
frederick_rolfe	english short
michiko_nagai	japanese japanese writers
david_ren	american from
penelope_fletcher	21st-century women writers
margaret_mazzantini	italian births
graham_swift	english male
david_j.bradley	american from
margo_glantz	mexican women
deborah_biancotti	australian women writers
babette_brown	south african writers
matt_nix	american television writers
e.b.white	american from
mary_jo_pehl	american television
catharina_ahlgren	19th-century women writers
eustace_budgell	english deaths
maryline_desbiolles	21st-century women
plum_johnson	canadian canadian writers
gwynne_williams	year of birth missing
mavis_gallant	canadian canadian novelists
dositej_obradović	serbian deaths
helena_araújo	21st-century short
adam_kay_:writer	living births
gustaw_morcinek	polish from
nabarun_bhattacharya	indian of
nobuo_kojima	south births
david_means	american of
carl_zimmer	american from
antoine_blondin	french male
alexandre_jardin	french french novelists
bill_oddie	english educated
peter_weiss	german from
musa_anter	people deaths
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
augustus_jessopp	english deaths
iffat_ara	bangladeshi writers
danny_zuker	american television writers
ali_smith	20th-century of
conrado_nalé_roxlo	argentine male
honora_sneyd	british women writers
chandramathi	indian indian
malinda_lo	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
feodor_gladkov	russian male
anthon_bang	norwegian deaths
alexandr_aksakov	imperial russian
guillermo_morón	venezuelan births
daniel_galera	brazilian novelists
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
ganjali_sabahi	turkish births
daniel_woodrell	american from novelists
críostóir_ó_floinn	people births
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
david_auerbach	american of
gary_burns_:director	canadian of
carlos_manuel_de_céspedes_y_quesada	people births
frédéric_martel	french births
nancy_lee_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
brandon_friedman	american from
félix_evaristo_mejía	dominican republic
eliette_abécassis	french women writers
heather_graham_pozzessere	american women novelists
benoît_peeters	french births
ian_buruma	dutch dutch
connie_willis	american american novelists
gary_goldschneider	american male
evelyn_e.smith	20th-century women novelists
peter_wear	australian people
arshag_chobanian	armenian deaths
anna_wheeler_:author	irish women
adel_karasholi	german births
mike_wolfer	living people birth
brad_ferguson	american american novelists
bruno_lasker	american births
rian_johnson	american television
clare_cavendish	year of birth missing
hans_jæger	norwegian deaths
annette_curtis_klause	american women novelists
miriam_roth	american people
ekhlasuddin_ahmed	bangladeshi of
gerald_carr_:cartoonist	australian people
petina_gappah	australian women
arnulfo_trejo	american american
margret_rey	german births
gotthold_ephraim_lessing	german german
navid_moazzez	living births
helen_weinzweig	canadian canadian novelists
gerbrand_bakker_:novelist	dutch dutch
philippe_le_sueur_mourant	people births
mary_downing_hahn	21st-century women novelists
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
otto_rahn	people births
ali_el-maak	20th-century deaths
bhisham_sahni	indian from
candy_dawson_boyd	american from
helen_steiner_rice	american women
daniel_woodrell	american from novelists
mehdi_khalaji	iranian births
douglas_murray_:author	people of
parker_marie_molloy	american from
p._david_hornik	american people
patrick_carman	american from
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
pedro_lenz	living births
michael_hanlon	people of
harikumar_:director	indian of birth
pierre_jean_launay	french births
brent_budowsky	american from
margot_arce_de_vázquez	puerto rican
monique_larue	canadian canadian novelists
andrey_dikiy	russian russian
b.s.mardhekar	indian from
gary_north_:journalist	american of
douglas_bland	canadian women birth
nathan_burgoine	canadian canadian novelists
paul_lalonde	living of birth
duarte_barbosa	portuguese births
devin_k.grayson	american comics
dawn_powell	american american
alan_wellikoff	american of birth
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
pere_calders	20th-century novelists
elisabeth_thorsell	swedish births
elizabeth_deane	year of birth
robert_poulet	belgian births
marieke_hardy	australian births
aldous_huxley	english from
andrei_sinyavsky	soviet short
c.h.sisson	english of
ahmed_rami_:writer	moroccan writers
david_barr_kirtley	american american novelists
nikolay_haytov	people deaths
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
dušan_šarotar	slovenian from
anne_fine	21st-century women novelists
birgitta_trotzig	swedish from
ignacio_mariscal	austrian deaths
brian_schofield	british births
radovan_ivšić	croatian novelists
david_milofsky	american american short
renee_peck	american births
arthur_bernard_lewis	american television
drew_karpyshyn	dungeons from dragons
araceli_aipoh	people of
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
brenda_webster	21st-century american
alison_joseph	21st-century women novelists
r._k._narayan	indian from
quim_monzó	spanish births
carmen_rico_godoy	people births
bhabani_bhattacharya	indian of
cecilia_tan	american american novelists
christopher_moeller	american from
arnold_bennett	english male
emily_barr	21st-century women writers
henry_kreisel	canadian male novelists
eve_bunting	australian women writers
melissa_harris-perry	american from
greg_egan	australian from
rachel_zadok	south african
arun_joshi	indian writers
amanda_hocking	american women novelists
amelie_fried	german women writers
phillip_hoose	american from
alden_jones	american from
heda_margolius_kovály	20th-century women
anthony_slide	british births
robert_j.shaw	american television
ari_berk	american american novelists
gorō_masaki	japanese births
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
evan_solomon	canadian people
edgar_allan_poe	american american
heleen_mees	japanese births
georg_heym	german german
donald_e.westlake	american american novelists
paula_broadwell	american from
marisha_pessl	21st-century american novelists
nagen_saikia	indian indian
matthew_felker	american male
blu_de_golyer	american male
robert_chiappetta	american television writers
grenville_clark	american births
david_garnett	20th-century short
george_woodcock	canadian from
predrag_matvejević	croatian novelists
gurdial_singh	indian from
arthur_kemp	new african
gert_prokop	german male
elwyn_hartley_edwards	british births
nyo_mya	burmese births
helmut_preißler	german women
david_a.mcintee	21st-century women writers
mike_reiss	american television writers
boisnard_philippe	french births
mate_dolenc	slovenian from
august_mälk	estonian deaths
andré_pieyre_de_mandiargues	french french
marusya_klimova	romanian births
quentin_crisp	english male
berton_roueché	american from
alec_sokolow	american television writers
elizabeth_burgoyne_corbett	19th-century deaths
adolphe_joanne	french deaths
nina_grunfeld	living births
mary_griffith	american children's writers
amanda_hesser	canadian births
cullen_bunn	american of birth
michele_jaffe	21st-century women novelists
andy_wightman	scottish of
cassie_stocks	canadian women novelists
dim_zupan	slovenian from
ann_parker_:writer	american of birth
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
michael_neale	american people
agustin_cueva	israeli deaths
mark_evans_:comedian/writer	british of
annejet_van_der_zijl	20th-century women writers
rita_mae_brown	american american
darcy_frey	american of
muhammad_al-maghut	syrian deaths
gayl_jones	20th-century women
pierrette_fleutiaux	french women writers
cynthia_enloe	21st-century women writers
michael_mcquarn	american television writers
muhsin_al-ramli	iranian people
david_milch	american from
guillaume_bigot	french births
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
bronte_woodard	american deaths
dani_michaeli	american male
david_eddings	american american novelists
arthur_quiller-couch	english of
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
gavan_daws	australian of
mary_griffith	american children's writers
matthew_condon	australian short
george_thengummoottil	indian births
gleb_uspensky	russian male
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
michael_nugent	irish people
oskar_rosenfeld	austrian jews
edith_bruck	20th-century women
fulgencio_argüelles	spanish births
musa_anter	people deaths
robert_olen_butler	american american
graham_linehan	irish births
michael_cohen_:writer	australian births
mary_elizabeth_hawker	19th-century women
henry_winterfeld	american births
elisa_hall_de_asturias	20th-century women
norman_lear	american from
aritha_van_herk	canadian canadian novelists
ellen_davitt	australian women
francis_foster_barham	english births
bruce_jones_:comics	american male short
cathi_unsworth	women women novelists
henry_gréville	19th-century deaths
daniel_lipman	american of birth
andrés_caicedo	male short
cherríe_moraga	american american
henry_liu	20th-century from
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
pío_baroja	spanish births
curtis_roosevelt	american from
chris_langham	english male
barry_o'brien	american television
owen_wister	american from
hsiao-hung_pai	british of
derek_blasberg	american from
evelyn_beatrice_hall	19th-century women writers
michael_gilbert	british of
bernard_maclaverty	scottish of
noo_saro-wiwa	british of
alasdair_gray	british of
ed_solomon	american television
maung_khin_min_:danubyu	burmese writers
abdul_rahim_dard	malaysian deaths was
marina_ripa_di_meana	italian women
robert_fisk	people of
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
rafiq_husain	indian of
halldór_laxness	people deaths
mark_barrowcliffe	english births
greg_critser	american of birth
florence_parry_heide	american from
rashaan_nall	american male
beatriz_copello	australian australian
feodor_gladkov	russian male
adolph_freiherr_knigge	german deaths
deidre_behar	american births
anne-pia_nygård	norwegian births
agnes_mary_frances_duclaux	english women
marion_chesney	21st-century women fiction
richard_euringer	german male
ashley_rindsberg	american male
cary_lu	american births
chyung_jinkyu	south births
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
dubravka_ugrešić	croatian novelists
david_n.weiss	american from
charles_dickens	english male
panio_gianopoulos	american of
hanna_mina	syrian writers
george_caragonne	people births
maria_amália_vaz_de_carvalho	19th-century women
george_gladir	american comics
danny_fingeroth	american comics
beverly_swerling	american women novelists
anita_nair	20th-century indian
pero_budmani	serbian serbian
mary_downing_hahn	21st-century women novelists
paul_rieckhoff	american from
michael_aitkens	english male
caroline_franz	american television writers
mikhail_samarsky	russian births
pierre_ouellet	canadian canadian novelists
david_hoskins	year of birth
mohan_bhandari_:writer	indian writers
harjeet_atwal	indian indian
nikolay_karamzin	russian russian
harvey_pekar	american from
robert_steven_rhine	american comics
ali_imam	bangladeshi of
ojārs_vācietis	people deaths
david_carpenter_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
maryse_dubuc	canadian births
donna_kossy	american women
multatuli	dutch deaths
felicity_dowker	australian from
abel_meeropol	american deaths
rachel_manley	canadian women writers
ayako_fujitani	japanese births
aleksandr_kuprin	russian russian
d.c.kizhakemuri	indian from
rafiq_husain	indian of
peter_o'donnell	english from
margaret_powell	english of
deborah_kimmett	21st-century women novelists
cash_markman	year of birth
marjorie_harris	canadian from
r._j._ellory	english births
aaron_ehasz	american television writers
antonia_hodgson	21st-century women writers
margaret_geddes	australian births
amber_dawn	21st-century women
alfred_neumann_:writer	american from
célestine_hitiura_vaite	21st-century women
craig_lancaster	american male
harriet_elizabeth_prescott_spofford	american american
pat_rosier	new zealand
célestine_hitiura_vaite	21st-century women
penelope_wallace	people deaths
delwar_hussain	alumni of
erica_ehm	canadian from
monica_arac_de_nyeko	ugandan women
maude_robinson	maude deaths
brett_johnson_:writer	american television writers
amanda_kyle_williams	american women novelists
markus_hediger	swiss from
anuradha_ramanan	20th-century women
david_turashvili	croatian births
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
david_lamb_:journalist	american from
carl_fredrik_engelstad	dutch births
david_butler_:screenwriter	people of
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
mark_weiner	american of writers
aritha_van_herk	canadian canadian novelists
alan_cheuse	american american short
menis_koumandareas	20th-century novelists
david_orton_:deep_ecology	canadian from
miriam_roth	american people
helena_khan	bangladeshi of is
elizabeth_buchan	20th-century women novelists
alissa_nutting	21st-century of novelists
georges_lagrange	french french
herman_koch	21st-century dutch
márcio-andré	brazilian births
myriam_francois-cerrah	living people writers
a.l.kennedy	20th-century of
armitage_trail	american american novelists
norman_lowell	living births
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
harry_bernstein	american from
matilda_hays	19th-century women
michael_lent_:writer_and_producer	american male
barbara_margaret_trimble	20th-century women novelists
c.radhakrishnan	indian male
brian_fawcett	canadian canadian
hilda_kay_grant	canadian canadian novelists
desmond_hogan	irish short
gene_hong	american television writers
georges_baal	hungarian from
hugh_abercrombie_anderson	canadian from
narayan_govind_chapekar	indian from
myriam_francois-cerrah	living people writers
david_szalay	21st-century women novelists
octavio_paz	mexican women
quentin_crisp	english male
cheryl_kaye_tardif	canadian women writers
philippe_le_sueur_mourant	people births
bruce_c.mckenna	american television
bev_sellars	canadian women writers
edgar_rice_burroughs	american american novelists
hartzell_spence	american american
nikolay_breshko-breshkovsky	russian russian
duarte_barbosa	portuguese births
duane_simolke	american from
doug_naylor	english of
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
harriet_elizabeth_prescott_spofford	american american
alfian_sa'at	singaporean people
caridad_bravo_adams	mexican women writers
agnes_nixon	american television
anton_matthias_sprickmann	people deaths
mazarine_pingeot	french french
matthieu_ricard	french births
anja_štefan_:writer	slovenian women
donald_j.sobol	american from
marie_gasquet	french women writers
maurice_mierau	canadian from
daniel_ivin	croatian births
adrian_cristobal	people births
alan_woo	21st-century canadian novelists
edward_ball_:american_author	american from
dan_rhodes	people of
f.digby_hardy	people of
mary_doria_russell	american women novelists
nick_towne	american television writers
david_gaider	canadian game dragons
paula_fox	american women novelists
helen_bianchin	women women novelists
chris_cleave	english male
richard_rodriguez	american from
paulette_bourgeois	canadian people
nicolas_billon	canadian canadian novelists
rafael_spinola	guatemalan short
elie_wiesel	american american
deborah_a.miranda	american american
hitonari_tsuji	japanese births
hsu_shin	burmese deaths
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
elizabeth_cobbold	19th-century women
maria_zhukova	russian russian
christopher_landon	british births
catherine_corley_anderson	american women
raffaello_baldini	german from
barbara_branden	canadian from
margaret_randall	american from
mckenzie_wark	living people
carmen_kurtz	spanish births
antonio_skármeta	chilean jews
branko_ćopić	bosnia and
anja_meulenbelt	dutch writers
maurice_tillieux	people births
barbara_wood	american women novelists
margery_allingham	20th-century women novelists
carlos_yushimito	peruvian short
nelson_ikon_wu	sri lankan
andré_vianco	american of
melina_marchetta	australian children's
bud_sparhawk	american american short
farley_mowat	canadian from
hannah_mary_rothschild	english of
corvida_raven	american women
gerit_quealy	american from
maria_bellonci	italian births
alexis_wright	australian women
andrei_zarin	russian russian
robert_saladrigas	catalan people
henri_chantavoine	french deaths
anatoly_kuznetsov	russian writers
anar_rzayev	azerbaijani azerbaijani
margaret_landon	american from
maureen_herman	living people
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
bret_hart	canadian from
mary_anne_mohanraj	american of
holly_lang	american of birth
michael_legat	20th-century women novelists
devendranath_sharma	indian male
mercedes_lackey	american american novelists
hasan_azizul_huq	bangladeshi of
akif_pirinçci	german from
amrita_pritam	indian from
eric_irvin	australian births
boris_aprilov	polish from
florin_pavlovici	romanian births
gerard_reve	dutch dutch
anne_marriott	canadian women
es'kia_mphahlele	south african
amber_benson	american women writers
edward_bloor	american american novelists
arthur_upfield	20th-century from
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
elna_baker	american from
alenka_goljevšček	slovenian from
birendra_kumar_bhuyan	indian from
natasha_walter	living births
paullina_simons	writers from
peter_coleman	australian of
evald_flisar	slovenian from
min_lu	burmese writers
brian_wood_:comics	american comics
antónio_feliciano_de_castilho	19th-century portuguese
denis_taaffe	people births
michael_mclaverty	irish irish
christy_brown	irish deaths
crane_wilbur	american from
hilary_knight_:illustrator	american from
amina_mama	21st-century of
charles_dunster	english deaths
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
benjamin_zephaniah	english births
rabina_khan	british of
maxim_kalashnikov	russian births
alan_martin_:writer	year of birth missing
david_sweetman	20th-century from
cesare_sterbini	italian italian
abul_bashar	indian writers
gary_demar	american from writers
elyse_gasco	canadian canadian novelists
duane_ackerson	american american novelists
david_mcrobbie	australian from
pat_barker	21st-century of novelists
denton_welch	english of
noelle_valdivia	american of birth
mark_wallington_:writer	british people
folco_de_baroncelli-javon	french deaths
dianne_bates	australian births
al_milgrom	american comics
alexander_faulkner_shand	english of
charles_alden_seltzer	american american novelists
ernst_heilborn	german german
alan_fennell	british births
bogart_rogers	american from
robert_kanigher	american comics
c.j.stevens	american american
florin_pavlovici	romanian births
art_spander	american from
davor_domazet-lošo	turkish writers
mitradev_mahanta	indian from
chen_ran	20th-century ran
gary_burns_:director	canadian of
francisco_alarcón_estaba	venezuelan births
amrita_pritam	indian from
gillian_horvath	american television writers
charlotte_o'conor_eccles	19th-century births
robert_elms	english births
margarete_kollisch	20th-century women
aglaia_kremezi	canadian births writers
paul_king_:director	living television
pat_condell	english educated
peter_james_:writer	english births
margaret_bennett_:writer	21st-century of
harry_browne	american from
rich_johnston	year of birth
gen_urobuchi	japanese births
plum_johnson	canadian canadian writers
nicholas_rankin	english births
rajzel_żychlińsky	american american
pete_mctighe	living of birth
michael_hodges_:writer	american male
carol_severance	american women novelists
graciliano_ramos	brazilian novelists
hugo_sonnenschein	german deaths
nathaniel_peabody_rogers	american from
paul_di_filippo	american american short
ortensio_mauro	year writers
emma_romeu	australian of
rick_copp	american from
hector_cantú	american comics
panas_myrny	ukrainian male
alan_lee_:cricket_writer	british births
alie_ward	american of birth
arne_espeland	norwegian norwegian
margret_rey	german births
phillip_sandifer	american births
nandini_sidda_reddy	indian writers
robert_coates_:critic	american american novelists
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
angus_allan	people births
neela_padmanabhan	indian writers
eduard_limonov	russian male
carlos_zubizarreta	people from
david_leavitt	american american
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
mathoor_krishnamurty	indian of
aziz_nesin	turkish births
michael_shermer	american from
mike_greenly	american births
octavio_cordero_palacios_:writer	ecuadorian novelists
donna_kossy	american women
marie_majerová	20th-century novelists
mark_ellis_:author	living people
muzi_epifani	20th-century women
bob_martin_:comedian	canadian births
aslak_dørum	norwegian births
david_leavitt	american american
helen_corke	20th-century women
hrishikesh_sulabh	indian male
francisco_xavier_da_cruz	cape verdean
constantin_stere	romanian peasants'
glaydah_namukasa	ugandan women
bahia_mahmud_awah	people of
guy_davenport	american american
nikola_milošević_:politician	serbian of
hitonari_tsuji	japanese births
gary_russell	english male
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
maurice_blanchot	french male
go_osaka	japanese japanese
maxine_mcarthur	21st-century women writers
robert_mccloskey	american from
oscar_casares	american people
ben_stein	american male
hilary_mantel	20th-century of novelists
peadar_toner_mac_fhionnlaoich	people deaths
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
henry_j.latham_:writer	year of birth
allie_esiri	english births
purushottam_agrawal	living people
mike_smithson_:politics	people of
cyprian_ekwensi	south births
harve_pierre	american deaths
paul_chaplin	american television writers
ponkunnam_varkey	indian male
michael_harris_:editor	canadian canadian
claude_phillips	english of
brian_andreas	american american
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
c.s.lakshmi	indian indian
andrés_henestrosa	mexican births
anwaar_ahmad	pakistani of
ewa_białołęcka	21st-century women fiction
flannery_o'connor	american american
megan_williams_:author	canadian women
armstrong_sperry	american from
rajalakshmi	20th-century indian
gyan_chaturvedi	indian from
pavao_ritter_vitezović	people of
chanida_phaengdara_potter	american from
max_allan_collins	american american novelists
marie_ferrarella	american women novelists
azar_nafisi	saudi arabian
andrew_sabiston	canadian from
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
herminie_templeton_kavanagh	english english
matt_granfield	australian births
r._s._mugali	indian from
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
igor_štiks	croatian novelists
esther_rochon	canadian women novelists
nirmal_verma	indian from
armitage_trail	american american novelists
nayantara_sahgal	indian women
patrick_carman	american from
eraldo_pecci	american fiorentina
g.k.chesterton	english male
coral_lansbury	australian from
mitchell_dawson	american of
abujafar_shamsuddin	bengali births
conrad_aiken	american american
dave_eggers	american american
rajkumar_shitaljit_singh	indian from
chirlane_mccray	american of
emilio_carrere	spanish male
carol_lee_flinders	american from
margarete_kollisch	20th-century women
dušan_čater	slovenian from
melina_marchetta	australian children's
albert_kivikas	estonian deaths
dawn_powell	american american
e.r.frank	american of writers
maría_luisa_elío	spanish from
richard_shelton_:writer	american from
elizabeth_wormeley_latimer	19th-century women
anakana_schofield	canadian women writers
dorothy_salisbury_davis	american american novelists
miles_cain	year of
alexander_chee	american of novelists
marv_goldberg	american people
don_southerton	american births
george_william_russell	irish deaths
briane_nasimok	australian of is
emma_marris	american women writers
mohinder_pratap_chand	indian from
alma_katsu	21st-century women novelists
christopher_h.bidmead	people of
n._s._madhavan	indian male
mykola_bazhan	ukrainian convocation members
paik_gahuim	living births
marnie_woodrow	canadian canadian novelists
charles_g.booth	american from
hilary_corke	english of
mika_waltari	finnish births
emmanuèle_bernheim	french french writers
erich_loest	german from
mark_woods_:sportswriter	living of birth missing
paul_marsden	british of
andrea_d'angelo	german births
michael_a._noonan	living people
g.f.zaimis	american women
emilio_praga	italian italian
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
david_eddings	american american novelists
helen_van_pelt_wilson	american from
peg_lynch	american from
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
mickey_z	american from
pamela_allen	australian from writers
conrad_aiken	american american
martin_boyd	australian short
augusto_do_rosário_rodrigues	20th-century male
faaiz_anwar	indian writers
cherry_potter	year of birth
marty_feldman	english male
epeli_hauʻofa	australian of
rebecca_skloot	american births writers
georgi_vladimov	russian writers
grigol_robakidze	male dramatists
patrick_califia	american from
arnold_drake	american comics
rhondi_a._vilott_salsitz	american american novelists
perch_proshyan	armenian deaths
gloria_escomel	canadian canadian
rebecca_latimer_felton	american from
anica_savić_rebac	serbian deaths
chandra_prasad_saikia	indian from
bart_bull	american of birth
edgar_cantero	spanish births
debbie_moon	21st-century women writers
christopher_dow_:author	american male
david_charles_manners	british writers
faturananda	people from
richard_rodriguez	american from
gore_vidal	american from
bob_tischler	american television writers
charlotte_delbo	20th-century women
peter_cheyney	english deaths
norman_wong	american of
august_alle	estonian deaths
pam_veasey	american television writers
richard_grayson_:writer	american university
edwin_granberry	american from
allan_sherman	american from
dhirubhai_thaker	indian from
quincy_coleman_:singer	living people
max_ehrmann	american births
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
maxime_du_camp	french french
carlene_hatcher_polite	american women novelists
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
fred_reed	american from
františek_čelakovský	19th-century deaths
pola_gojawiczyńska	polish from
bill_corbett	american male
g.willow_wilson	american american novelists
diana_ossana	american television
géza_bereményi	hungarian male
david_rakoff	american american
nikolai_spathari	russian writers
michael_gallagher_:writer	american comics writers
anita_bharti	20th-century women writers
marjorie_van_de_water	20th-century births
geoffrey_ursell	canadian canadian novelists
arthur_richman	american from
peter_stursberg	canadian of
david_laskin	american from
douglas_adams	english from
mullapudi_venkata_ramana	indian writers
hanan_qassab_hassan	syrian of
bill_bauer_:poet	canadian from
derren_litten	english male
hugh_howey	american american novelists
paul_heyse	german german
maria_edgeworth	19th-century women
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
alexander_neverov	russian male
alan_b.mcelroy	american male
fathia_absie	american film
emmanuel_f.lacaba	filipino births
barbara_euphan_todd	english deaths
nat_benchley	american male
heinz_kamnitzer	german from
baraguru_ramachandrappa	indian male
melina_marchetta	australian children's
mildred_d._taylor	american children's
alexander_frater	australian births
gnani_sankaran	indian writers
ramanlal_soni	people deaths
gheorghe_asachi	romanian novelists
david_heneker	english deaths
achy_obejas	american american
buz_kohan	american television
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
p-p_hartnett	21st-century short
arthur_bernède	20th-century french
qudrat_ullah_shahab	pakistani of
raphael_draccon	people births
michaela_angela_davis	american of
daniel_ivin	croatian births
orlando_wells	english male
marthe_bibesco	romanian from
azar_nafisi	saudi arabian
charlotte_higgins	english births
dean_wilkinson	video earle
oscar_balderrama	american television writers
hildegarde_dolson_lockridge	american women
alija_isaković	bosnia from
pedro_sotillo	venezuelan deaths
niko_nikoladze	ecuadorian novelists
antoni_bohdziewicz	israeli deaths
darrell_figgis	19th-century deaths
alphonse_de_lamartine	19th-century french
patrick_k._kroupa	american male
arthur_bedford_:writer	people of
peter_simpson_:writer	new of
alison_bauld	irish deaths
hossein_sanapour	iranian births
hans_joachim_alpers	german births
michael_collins_piper	american from
hamilton_mitchell	american film
armand_lunel	french french
andre_norton	american american novelists
matthew_of_janow	italian births
paul_boutin	american people
aya_tanimura	australian women writers
martin_waddell	australian births
frank_o'connor	irish deaths
hemant_shesh	indian from
peter_weiss	german from
dominique_fernandez	french french
paul_heyse	german german
david_orton_:deep_ecology	canadian from
benudhar_rajkhowa	asom from
cate_shortland	australian births
ignaty_potapenko	russian male
ahmad_fuadi	american writers
rictor_norton	american from
brian_michael_bendis	american from
rhys_hughes	british births
hilary_knight_:illustrator	american from
francesco_antonio_santori	albanian male
robert_coates_:critic	american american novelists
charles_lamb	english births
alcante	people births
carlo_collodi	italian italian
helen_lilian_shaw	20th-century women writers
margaret_peterson_haddix	american women novelists
mike_mearls	american people
derenik_demirchian	armenian armenian
gore_vidal	american from
elyse_gasco	canadian canadian novelists
i.dragoslav	romanian short
matt_bell_:author	american births
david_shannon	american children's
margaret_wise_brown	american women
harold_cronk	american births
david_r.george_iii	american american novelists
mihir_sengupta	living writers
edwin_granberry	american from
elizabeth_burgoyne_corbett	19th-century deaths
rigoberto_gonzález	american writers
anup_bhandari	year of birth missing
nikita_larionov	chuvash deaths
peter_townend_:novelist	english births novelists
massimo_carlotto	italian births
naira_gelashvili	people novelists
richard_russell_:dow_theory	american from
bob_martin_:comedian	canadian births
adam_zameenzad	british of
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
chintha_ravi	indian male
michael_hoeye	american people
mike_greenly	american births
branka_jurca	slovenian from
alexis_de_veaux	american american
daniel_ivin	croatian births
nikolai_ostrovsky	soviet writers
claude_phillips	english of
robert_musil	20th-century women
hal_block	american from
arno_camenisch	swiss births
rivka_galchen	21st-century canadian novelists
geling_yan	american people
archibald_gordon,_5th_marquess_of_aberdeen_and_temair	british deaths
harry_grey	american american novelists
marta_rivera_de_la_cruz	spanish women
raúl_scalabrini_ortiz	argentine essayists
harry_mulisch	dutch dutch
nawal_el_saadawi	egyptian people
brian_wood_:comics	american comics
consuelo_de_saint_exupéry	french french writers
omar_mouallem	canadian births
bill_nuss	place of birth
fabian_nicieza	living from
giancarlo_magalli	italian births
alex_gray_:author	british women writers
giddens_ko	people deaths
buddhadeb_bosu	indian from
carl_phillips	american from
françois-rené_de_chateaubriand	french french
edward_plunkett,_18th_baron_of_dunsany	british of
michel_verne	french french novelists
ed_brubaker	american comics
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
peter_cheyney	english deaths
franco_scaglia	italian italian
peter_robinson_:novelist	21st-century male short
alan_moore	english births
richie_webb	english of
andré_alexis	canadian canadian novelists
bill_pronzini	american american novelists
donagh_macdonagh	irish deaths
carmen_beltrán	swedish deaths
ethel_portnoy	dutch deaths
eleanor_farnes	place of birth missing
pedro_sotillo	venezuelan deaths
norman_levine	canadian canadian novelists
mitch_silpa	american male
haden_blackman	american comics birth
bernd_brunner	german women
mykola_khvylovy	ukrainian deaths
ganjali_sabahi	turkish births
amos_tutuola	20th-century births
elizabeth_deane	year of birth
felice_schwartz	american women
dale_brown	american from
františek_čelakovský	19th-century deaths
gunvor_hofmo	norwegian women writers
chris_langham	english male
charity_waciuma	20th-century women
david_sweetman	20th-century from
duane_ackerson	american american novelists
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
brent_budowsky	american from
megan_whalen_turner	20th-century american novelists
maurissa_tancharoen	american from
alexander_bestuzhev	russian russian
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
devaki_nandan_khatri	people births
rajaa_al-sanea	living people
barry_cryer	english educated
gary_indiana	american of
doris_piserchia	american women novelists
peter_sotos	american people
akram_aylisli	azerbaijani azerbaijani
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
ela_peroci	slovenian from
andrew_coburn_:author	american american novelists
federico_hernández_de_león	guatemalan births
bankim_chandra_chattopadhyay	indian from
peter_stursberg	canadian of
anatoly_kasheida	ukrainian from
harry_hess_reichard	american births
bill_lee_:author	american from
alexander_serafimovich	russian male
chuck_mckenzie	australian short story
greggory_nations	american television writers
charles_dryden	american from
grange_calveley	people births is
robbie_branscum	american women
marty_feldman	english male
anthony_swofford	american from
elie_wiesel	american american
atin_bandyopadhyay	bengali writers
pati_hill	american births
cao_xueqin	iranian dynasty
georges_cogniot	french deaths
andrew_weiner	canadian from writers
elizabeth_enright	american from
mumtaz_mufti	pakistani from
elizabeth_herbert,_baroness_herbert_of_lea	english women writers
andrew_dabb	american male
ben_jeapes	english births
chandler_owen	american deaths
edgar_allan_poe	american american
brunello_rondi	italian male
denise_robertson	english of
nihal_atsız	turkish writers
robert_eagle_:filmmaker	british births
henry_clark_barlow	english male
marietta_shaginyan	russian deaths
dan_vyleta	canadian from
antonio_skármeta	chilean jews
peter_gibson_:writer	american male
adam_begley	american from
bollimunta_sivaramakrishna	indian writers
michael_shermer	american from
doug_cooper_:author	american from
rebecca_solnit	american women
catherine_spencer	year women novelists
benjamin_taylor_:author	american university
duane_ackerson	american american novelists
colin_beavan	american births
dan_turèll	male births
anthony_sampson	english of
dr.seuss	american from
bob_schreck	american births
andreas_eschbach	italian births
alejandro_pérez_lugín	spanish male
nan_ryan	21st-century women novelists
charles-ferdinand_ramuz	people from
gary_johns	australian of
robert_sellers	living births
renan_demirkan	spanish from
greg_egan	australian from
petar_zoranić	people births
alberto_de_angelis	italian births writers
peter_stone	american from
meridel_le_sueur	american women
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
arisen_ahubudu	sri lankan
consuelo_de_saint_exupéry	french french writers
mikey_walsh	english births
morris_lurie	australian australian
b.s.mardhekar	indian from
caterina_edwards	canadian canadian novelists
dan_chaon	american american novelists
elie_wiesel	american american
maude_kegg	american women writers
margaret_wilson_:australian_writer	australian people
george_egerton	irish women
moacyr_scliar	brazilian deaths
i.k.k.menon	indian indian
daedalus_howell	american from
anna_fienberg	australian children's writers
marie-louise_gay	canadian from
charles_fort	american american
gillian_riley	english births
alan_j.gould	people deaths
gerald_reece	english of
dorothy_cannell	american from
carmen_beltrán	swedish deaths
graham_duff	english births
mary_wibberley	english women novelists
pedro_garcía_cabrera	spanish male
paula_fox	american women novelists
eric_dando	australian short story
henriette_mantel	american from
david_woodard	american births
graham_joyce	english births
cylin_busby	american of
remi_aubuchon	american births
alexander_stein	russian male
marijac	french births
chris_allen_:author	australian births
neil_smith_:writer	canadian canadian novelists
dorothy_carrington	people of
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
anatoly_gunitsky	soviet of
arturo_jauretche	argentine essayists
rashid_jahan	20th-century deaths
omar_pound	20th-century from
paul_levinson	american american
pramatha_chaudhuri	bengali deaths
doug_levitt	american births
michelle_king	american television writers
maria_doolaeghe	german births
anna-clara_tidholm	20th-century women writers
richard_hooker_:author	american from
gian_paolo_borghetti	19th-century deaths
gene_wojciechowski	american from
gerald_j.tate	irish births writers
eilif_straume	norwegian norwegian
omar_kureishi	pakistani of
helen_weinzweig	canadian canadian novelists
herminie_templeton_kavanagh	english english
elizabeth_wurtzel	american women
hortensia_blanch_pita	mexican women writers
may_cutler	canadian women
anthony_ryan_:writer	british science
françois_weyergans	french births
muhammad_mansha_yaad	pakistani short
archibald_gracie_iv	american from
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
blanca_de_lizaur	mexican women
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
donald_gallinger	american american short
paul_dickson	american from
mridula_garg	indian writers
ida_hegazi_høyer	norwegian norwegian writers
anna_wheeler_:author	irish women
agustin_cueva	israeli deaths
bajazid_doda	people deaths
david_m.alexander	american american novelists
paco_ignacio_taibo_ii	mexican from
anwaar_ahmad	pakistani of
petru_cărare	moldovan writers
filippo_buonaccorsi	italian male
duncan_regehr	canadian from
anabela_basalo	serbian of
atsuko_asano_:writer	japanese births
omar_ibn_said	american from
molly_birnbaum	american people
david_zindell	american american novelists
dorothy_scarborough	american from
boris_van_der_ham	dutch births
géza_csáth	hungarian deaths
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
nagendra_vijay	living writers
mark_wallington_:writer	british people
dawid_van_lill	south african
aimé_martin	french male
giannina_braschi	american women
angeliki_palli	italian italian
pierre_nothomb	belgian from
marie_ferrarella	american women novelists
chiaki_j.konaka	australian births
dale_smith_:writer	english male
monica_langley	american of
gabriel_brizard	year births
edwin_cerio	italian italian
michelle_mclean	living universe
adam_begley	american from
craig_walker_:writer	canadian male
märta_helena_reenstierna	swedish swedish
george_monbiot	british of
max_simon_ehrlich	american male novelists
ben_humble	scottish deaths
philip_e._tetlock	canadian of
giuseppe_tomasi_di_lampedusa	italian male
awn_alsharif_qasim	people deaths
patrick_mccabe_:novelist	irish short
frank_manley	american american
rebecca_walker	american women
anne_sayre	american women
gerda_weissmann_klein	american american
alain_jouffroy	french french
grace_randolph	american comics
carolyn_reeder	american women novelists
marie_ferrarella	american women novelists
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
graham_salisbury	american from
david_boswell	canadian comics
héctor_zumbado	male short
rajanikanta_bordoloi	asom from
pedro_sotillo	venezuelan deaths
panio_gianopoulos	american of
frederick_rolfe	english short
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
marilyn_suzanne_miller	american television
melinda_tankard_reist	australian people
paul_ernst_:german_writer	german male
pinki_virani	indian from
neal_asher	english births
h.l.gold	american american short
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
corrina_wycoff	american short
mary_ann_kelty	19th-century women writers
carry_van_bruggen	dutch from
guy_andrews	people of
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
michael_rowe	american television writers
bosiljka_pušić	20th-century women
chiaki_j.konaka	australian births
edgar_cantero	spanish births
nellikkal_muraleedharan	indian from
mary_berry	english educated
mikael_nalbandian	russian deaths
peter_d._sieruta	american from
grace_jones_morgan	20th-century canadian novelists
marguerite_de_angeli	american women novelists
bruce_tulgan	american from
gert_hofmann	20th-century from
heinz_politzer	american jews
ignaty_potapenko	russian male
norah_mcclintock	canadian people
antonio_tabucchi	italian from
allen_varney	american from
alojz_rebula	slovenian from
george_griffith	british of
andre_jacquemetton	american television writers
aaron_alfandari	people births
gilbert_collard	french male
mary_lee_settle	american american
arantxa_urretabizkaia	spanish women
elisabeth_augustin	20th-century women
monica_arac_de_nyeko	ugandan women
boisnard_philippe	french births
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
grant_blackwood	american american novelists
alishetty_prabhakar	indian deaths
nadine_gordimer	20th-century african
annette_von_droste-hülshoff	german from
ayodhya_prasad_upadhyay	indian deaths
raja_rao	indian from
frederick_exley	american from
billy_hayes_:writer	american births
claude_mckay	people people
maría_luisa_elío	spanish from
andrew_chambliss	american television writers
bonnie_mark	american television birth
grant_faulkner	american of writers
eleanor_clymer	american from
dorothy_l.sayers	english english
norma_farber	american women
phillip_hoose	american from
george_nafziger	american from
pagu	brazilian women
neville_cardus	english of
frankétienne	haitian dramatists
christian_tămaș	romanian births
david_eddings	american american novelists
octavia_e._butler	american american novelists
guy_hocquenghem	french french
ben_jeapes	english births
napoleone_colajanni	people of legislature
maria_mutch	canadian canadian novelists
ashot_beglarian	armenian deaths
david_n.weiss	american from
hortense_calisher	american american
antony_jay	people of
anthony_coburn	australian births writers
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
aaron_cohen_:counterterrorist	american births
amina_mama	21st-century of
margaret_ashmun	american from
alan_landsburg	american from
bhagat_singh_thind	american from
claw_money	american from
patricia_ryan_:author	american women novelists
rebecca_skloot	american births writers
george_monbiot	british of
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
andré_chevrillon	french births
charles_angell_bradford	british of
martín_solares	mexican women
richard_appignanesi	canadian canadian
alexander_levitov	russian russian
martha_walker_freer	19th-century births
andrea_james	american from
maria_aurora_couto	indian women
beverly_swerling	american women novelists
andrea_jutson	21st-century women novelists
hector_malot	19th-century deaths
robert_bausch	21st-century american novelists
meridel_le_sueur	american women
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
florence_ashton_marshall	english deaths
bernard_beckett	new births
anne_hocking	20th-century women writers
daniel_newman_:academic	british births
nikolai_garin-mikhailovsky	russian russian
max_gallo	french people
matilda_hays	19th-century women
colin_wilson	english english
märta_tikkanen	swedish writers
adolfo_costa_du_rels	german male
bob_forward	american television writers
raymond_allen_:scriptwriter	english births
david_woodard	american births
anwara_syed_haq	bangladeshi of
david_ebershoff	american male
pierre_rabhi	living births
hans_fallada	german deaths
aileen_fisher	american from
michael_chamberlain	australian from
giovanni_boccaccio	italian italian
mary_grannan	canadian women novelists
husna_ahmad	british of
fredrik_skagen	norwegian women writers
brandon_friedman	american from
rainer_langhans	living people
anne_henderson	australian from
bruce_marshall	people of
michelle_jerott	21st-century women writers
nazir_ahmad_dehlvi	indian from
fran_levstik	slovenian deaths
frank_c.matthews	american from
mato_lovrak	20th-century novelists
max_borenstein	american people
eudora_welty	american american
robert_e.thompson	american from
meg_gardiner	american from novelists
anil_menon	indian indian
henriette_gislesen	norwegian norwegian
moissaye_joseph_olgin	american jews
p._m._taj	indian male
rita_mae_brown	american american
richard_reeves_:american_writer	american people
harry_browne	american from
flannery_o'connor	american american
aleksandre_tarsaidze	american deaths
hanna_johansen	swiss births
h.rider_haggard	english male
raja_rao	indian from
barry_pilton	english educated
nancy_keesing	australian women
evan_x_hyde	20th-century novelists
olha_kobylianska	ukrainian from
anthony_:writer	year of birth
andrea_camilleri	italian italian
christine_edwards	year of birth missing
adam_karrillon	german german
alessandro_ghebreigziabiher	italian male
nacio_herb_brown	american from
pierre_bellemare	french male
fazil_iskander	russian short
george_thengummoottil	indian births
maria_semyonova	russian people
elisabeth_de_mariaffi	canadian women novelists
craig_hinton	20th-century short
daniil_andreyev	russian male
michel_butor	french french
peg_lynch	american from
erin_foster	american from
mallika_yunis	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
paula_broadwell	american from
aage_borchgrevink	norwegian norwegian
anna-leena_härkönen	20th-century women
peter_d._sieruta	american from
darya_dontsova	russian births
meg_wolitzer	21st-century american novelists
arkady_davidowitz	russian births
mihail_șerban_:writer	romanian novelists
boudewijn_büch	dutch deaths
mercy_otis_warren	american american
michael_i._wagner	american television
alec_robertson_:music_critic	british of
pamela_aidan	21st-century women novelists
franz_kafka	austrian births
pola_gojawiczyńska	polish from
faridur_reza_sagar	bangladeshi of
gour_das_bysack	telugu of
august_gailit	estonian deaths
richard_n._goodwin	american people
peter_bradshaw	english births
alan_moore	english births
brendan_gullifer	australian births
minna_canth	19th-century women
gayla_trail	canadian from
mile_markovski	people deaths
onat_kutlar	turkish writers
per_erik_hedman	living births
alan_b.mcelroy	american male
midori_:author	american from
margaret_powell	english of
harold_jaffe	american american novelists
peter_ling	english births
peg_lynch	american from
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
gillian_duffy_:editor	year of birth
anne_seymour,_countess_of_warwick	16th-century births
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
alda_merini	italian women writers
pat_condell	english educated
david_rambo	american television
anita_nair	20th-century indian
doug_cooper_:author	american from
george_monbiot	british of
barbara_leonie_picard	20th-century women writers
charles_stross	english science fiction
gladys_taylor_:publisher	canadian from
nathan_shaham	israeli novelists
douglas_murray_:author	people of
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
graham_hancock	british writers
chris_shipley	american from
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
erik_lie_:writer	norwegian norwegian
mary_downing_hahn	21st-century women novelists
mohammad_shafiq_hamdam	afghan activists
deborah_hopkinson	american children's
michael_krüger_:writer	german women
grace_paley	american american
david_lamb_:journalist	american from
bruce_bawer	american from
robert_maxwell_:writer	scottish births
charles_gordon_:journalist	canadian canadian
hwang_sun-won	20th-century births
mary_ann_kilner	19th-century women writers
alison_joseph	21st-century women novelists
frank_mcguinness	irish irish
arkadiy_belinkov	russian writers
nicola_cornick	english of
olivier_weber	french french
aleksey_nikolayevich_tolstoy	russian male
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
ana_maría_shua	argentine women
rich_blomquist	american television
chip_johannessen	american television writers
fang_zhouzi	american births
olga_shapir	russian short
paul_king_:director	living television
emily_newell_blair	american from
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
denis_tillinac	french male
bruce_jones_:comics	american male short
ayako_sono	japanese japanese
alison_dolling	australian from
evelyn_waugh	english of
petro_marko	albanian short
myron_coureval_fagan	american from
anselmo_suárez_y_romero	guatemalan novelists
diane_fanning	american of novelists
gudlavalleti_chalapati_rao	indian from
dallas_denny	american births
phillipe-ignace_françois_aubert_de_gaspé	canadian canadian
montserrat_roig	spanish births
edward_kopówka	polish from
george_ade	american american
georges_lagrange	french french
george_woodcock	canadian from
gudlavalleti_chalapati_rao	indian from
annie_m.g.schmidt	dutch dutch
francisco_ayala_:novelist	spanish from
marija_vojskovič	20th-century women
ebrahim_al-arrayedh	people deaths
rasheed_kidwai	living writers
midori_:author	american from
grace_lumpkin	american american
anne_marie_winston	american women novelists
nikolay_nosov	soviet male
phil_gladwin	living births
milo_anstadt	dutch dutch
miruna_runcan	romanian births
marjana_gaponenko	mexican women
philippe_langlois	people births
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
george_wyatt_:writer	english deaths
adolf_fierla	polish from
david_mcsavage	british of
antonio_acevedo_hernández	male dramatists
rahadyan_sastrowardoyo	american people
epeli_hauʻofa	australian of
pitcheswara_rao_atluri	year of birth missing
alain_farah	canadian canadian
hélène_vachon	canadian canadian
diana_atkinson	canadian women novelists
robert_f.young	american male novelists
bernard_goldberg	american from
dominick_dunne	american from
emma_dolujanoff	mexican women writers
mirkka_rekola	20th-century women
michel_butor	french french
pierre_de_jarric	french male
martin_pasko	canadian from writers
elena_puw_morgan	20th-century women
alexander_zhitinsky	russian births
daniel_way	american comics
arthur_conan_doyle	british of
eric_wilson_:suspense_writer	american of
nils_nordberg	norwegian norwegian writers
eliza_sproat_turner	american american
harcharan_chawla	20th-century from
eduard_limonov	russian male
margaret_maron	american women novelists
hemchandra_barua	asom from
countess_dash	french french writers
ezio_vendrame	italian births
robert_barr_:writer	canadian male novelists
hermann_kasack	german german
david_nekrutman	american people
helena_araújo	21st-century short
gene_luen_yang	american from
henry_bond	english births
cameron_mcallister	british television
charles_victor_de_bonstetten	people births
gregory_austin_mcconnell	american male
fletcher_pratt	american american novelists
paolo_eleuteri_serpieri	living people
peter_hogan	living of
david_horowitz	american from
francesca_duranti	italian women
alexander_mazin	russian births
dejan_medaković	serbian from
alf_prøysen	norwegian deaths
philip_rees	living children's
robert_paul_weston	canadian canadian short
michael_lind	american from
raymond_abrashkin	american from
barbara_faith	american women novelists
henning_mankell	20th-century dutch
georgi_pulevski	people deaths
howard_norman	american of
dorothea_ann_thrupp	people births
francesca_duranti	italian women
anna_wheeler_:author	irish women
harry_browne	american from
muhsin_al-ramli	iranian people
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
alberto_fuguet	american births
rictor_norton	american from
devon_lehr	american of birth
evelyn_e.smith	20th-century women novelists
david_ruprecht	american from
mikhail_osorgin	russian russian
harold_rosenberg	american from
andrés_useche	american births
darren_barefoot	canadian male
dan_brereton	american comics
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
manish_gupta	marc j. is is a writer writer and and
patrick_white	australian short
p._david_hornik	american people
alois_jirásek	austrian births
peter_stursberg	canadian of
are_kalvø	norwegian births
mervyn_peake	english from
alexandre_dumas	french french
chrystia_freeland	canadian of
miklós_haraszti	slovenian births
geneviève_brisac	french french
chris_kelly_:writer	american of
danton_remoto	filipino births
andrew_grant_:writer	british of
carlyle_eubank	american of birth
nick_arnold	british people
nur-eldeen_masalha	living births
nick_flynn	american male
rita_mae_brown	american american
per_roger_lauritzen	living births
harry_hess_reichard	american births
alfredo_bryce	peruvian short
heather_nuhfer	american comics
patrice_evans	american bloggers
omar_ben_salem	people births
elizabeth_cobbold	19th-century women
panio_gianopoulos	american of
richie_webb	english of
floyd_salas	american rican
f.digby_hardy	people of
andrew_bovell	australian births
ramsey_campbell	english english
anita_bharti	20th-century women writers
mike_davis_:scholar	american from
friedrich_märker	german from
eric_liu	american from
pierre_drieu_la_rochelle	french french
nat_perrin	american from
cathy_williams	women of fiction
gary_friedrich	american comics
robert_thomas_:director	people male
chong_hyon-jong	south births
david_whitaker_:screenwriter	english births
ahmad_bashir	pakistani from
ndyakira_amooti	year of
bernadette_hall	new zealand novelists
mario_mendoza_zambrano	colombian short
eynon_evans	british births
diana_browning	women romantic novelists
patricia_ryan_:author	american women novelists
arthur_bedford_:writer	people of
d.j.machale	american television writers
charles_allen_:writer	british births
margaret_hodges	american from
richard_burgin_:writer	american births
ernest_marwick	scottish deaths
alfred_andersch	german of
barbara_avedon	american television writers
mirkka_rekola	20th-century women
gabriela_brimmer	mexican births
ihor_pavlyuk	ukrainian from
anne_digby	english births writers
michael_sampson	american from
martin_waddell	australian births
abubakar_imam	south of
hanna_mina	syrian writers
max_crawford_:writer	american from
ned_vizzini	american american
mineo_higashi	living births
matt_granfield	australian births
antoine-joseph_pernety	french deaths
barry_pilton	english educated
héctor_zumbado	male short
betty_jane_wylie	canadian from
david_icke	english of
nahoko_uehashi	japanese births
catherine_storr	20th-century women novelists
bill_ransom	american american short
musine_kokalari	albanian albanian
ana_maría_shua	argentine women
carol_windley	canadian canadian novelists
peter_stanford	english births
henrik_wergeland	norwegian norwegian
andre_jacquemetton	american television writers
pat_mills	living comics
amy_welborn	american from
r._k._narayan	indian from
peter_stone	american from
maria_stona	20th-century women
barbara_hall_:tv_producer	american women writers
paul_zacharia	indian indian
caridad_bravo_adams	mexican women writers
robert_e.thompson	american from
claude_mckay	people people
dolen_perkins-valdez	21st-century of novelists
mary_hooper_:author	19th-century women writers
raquel_verdesoto	ecuadorian deaths
glendon_swarthout	american american
eirik_ildahl	norwegian norwegian
brendan_foley	canadian of writers
melinda_tankard_reist	australian people
nell_dixon	women of fiction
phillips_lord	american from
michael_paul_mason	living people
arkadiy_belinkov	russian writers
gene_luen_yang	american from
franz_kafka	austrian births
gabriele_d'annunzio	italian male
diriye_osman	alumni from
hal_clement	american science novelists
bawa_balwant	20th-century from
fatou_diome	living births
anuradha_ramanan	20th-century women
barbro_lindgren	swedish women
doris_piserchia	american women novelists
h.r.percy	canadian male novelists
aelred_of_rievaulx	english deaths
crane_wilbur	american from
c.c.swiney	american from
candace_camp	american women novelists
chris_claremont	english births
alden_r.hatch	american from
dakshinaranjan_mitra_majumder	bengali writers
paul_theroux	american from
françois_duprat	french births
aliki_theofilopoulos_grafft	american births
arto_paasilinna	finnish births
danny_fingeroth	american comics
george_monbiot	british of
paddy_richardson	21st-century zealand writers
don_escudero	people deaths
paul_magrs	english science
nicolás_gómez_dávila	chilean deaths
patricia_pearson	canadian people
matthew_dickens	american male
perch_proshyan	armenian deaths
cecil_e.rhode	american from
emil_benčík	spanish from
eldridge_cleaver	american from
flora_annie_steel	19th-century short
peter_tennant	english births
ian_rankin	british of
abdullah_abdul_kadir	malaysian writers
muhsin_al-ramli	iranian people
renée_french	american comics
raghavanka	indian from
priya_a._s	indian indian
matthew_j._trafford	canadian canadian novelists
adriana_lisboa	brazilian women
andrew_berardini	american from
christopher_k.travis	american of birth
christina_lauren	american women novelists
don_naylor	american from
eleanor_wachtel	canadian of
mikhail_bulgakov	russian male
narayan_govind_chapekar	indian from
michael_scarce	american of
marie_von_ebner-eschenbach	20th-century women
boleslav_markevich	russian male
rené_galand	french births
adrienne_monson	american women novelists
david_gallaher	american from
annie_vivanti	italian women
michio_takeyama	japanese japanese
christopher_myers	american of birth
guy_gavriel_kay	canadian from
eduard_vilde	estonian from
antonio_corma	spanish births
adolf_brand	german deaths
frank_westerman	japanese births
hans_noever	german male
nancy_werlin	american women novelists
donald_hinds	alumni of
robert_b.parker	american american novelists
mark_shand	people of
adam_gollner	canadian of writers
cathi_unsworth	women women novelists
charlotte_fullerton	american women novelists
david_jay_brown	american from novelists
breyten_breytenbach	south african
michèle_marineau	canadian canadian novelists
hella_haasse	20th-century women
ali_fida_akram_tozo	year of birth missing
morgan_o'neill	australian births
marusya_klimova	romanian births
gish_jen	american short short
margaret_ashmun	american from
claude_mckay	people people
minfong_ho	living people
dave_smeds	american american short
natsuhiko_kyogoku	japanese births
ignaty_potapenko	russian male
nikos_kazantzakis	croatian novelists
patrick_white	australian short
dikran_chökürian	ottoman armenian
robert_eagle_:filmmaker	british births
outi_alanne	living births
antonio_tabucchi	italian from
habib_bektaş	people writers
michael_j._weithorn	american television
alawiya_sobh	20th-century short story
angeliki_palli	italian italian
nelson_ikon_wu	sri lankan
alberto_fuguet	american births
božidar_novak	singaporean births
ethel_portnoy	dutch deaths
norman_hapgood	american from
bob_shaw	20th-century from fiction
alfred_masson-forestier	french french
charles_newman_:author	american from
peter_marc_jacobson	american from
poornachandra_tejaswi	indian from
bob_byrne	year of birth missing
owen_wister	american from
henry_rice_:writer	british births
ben_cormack	english births
hans_braarvig	norwegian deaths
emilio_rabasa	austrian deaths
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
gary_russell	english male
humberto_costantini	argentine women
gore_vidal	american from
atsushi_hachisu	australian births
didi_menosi	israeli jews
andy_borowitz	american from
nicholas_luard	people of
naguib_mahfouz	20th-century novelists
marianne_ehrenström	19th-century women
maurice_blanchot	french male
brendan_foley	canadian of writers
elisabetta_caminèr_turra	19th-century women
harry_hess_reichard	american births
charles_o'conor_:historian	people births
paul_goble	american of
nirmal_verma	indian from
epeli_hauʻofa	australian of
g.k.chesterton	english male
danuta_gleed	20th-century women novelists
anatol_codru	moldovan births
robert_j.sawyer	canadian from
marina_oliver	living people
holly_nelson	canadian of
patricia_maclachlan	american from novelists
alice_roosevelt_longworth	american from
natalie_babbitt	american women novelists
albert_mannheimer	american male
marie-louise_gay	canadian from
regina_doman	21st-century women
paul_jennings_:australian_author	australian australian
ra_ganapati	indian writers
chad_harbach	american american
audre_lorde	american american
caroline_franz	american television writers
carlos_monsiváis	mexican births
abu_rushd	bangladeshi of
haruo_umezaki	south deaths
barry_o'brien	american television
aranka_siegal	american women
abrar_alvi	indian film directors
paula_pell	american television writers
abbasgulu_bakikhanov	ukrainian russian
allison_silberberg	american women writers
peter_gibbs_:cricketer	english educated
r._r._sundara_rao	indian from
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
alan_moore	english births
chris_collins_:writer	american television writers
andrew_foley_:writer	year of birth
hajro_ulqinaku	20th-century novelists
denise_mina	20th-century of novelists
paul_alexander_:british_writer	living of birth
michael_delisle	canadian canadian novelists
paul_jessup_:writer	american american novelists
barbara_margaret_trimble	20th-century women novelists
henry_parnell,_1st_baron_congleton	uk mps
eleni_ourani	venezuelan births
alfredo_seiferheld	male births
ellen_meloy	american from
pier_vittorio_tondelli	italian italian
pat_condell	english educated
mike_mccoll-jones	living of birth
pat_jordan_:author	american braves
cao_xueqin	iranian dynasty
fernando_gonzález_:writer	cambodian deaths
charles_nelson_:writer	american of novelists
edmund_goulding	people film
edmond_fleg	french french
anna_seghers	german of
rob_lotterstein	american of writers
dolen_perkins-valdez	21st-century of novelists
pyotr_pavlenko	soviet of
hélène_rioux	canadian women
david_bezmozgis	canadian from
ante_tomić_:writer	croatian novelists
catriona_sparks	australian science writers
mo_willems	american from
andre_dubus	american american novelists
caroline_dries	american television writers
douglas_kenney	american from
david_f.case	american american novelists
attila_györgy	croatian novelists
nikolai_teleshov	russian male
gerard_stembridge	irish of
andy_hunt_:author	american births
mike_greenly	american births
panteleimon_romanov	russian short
hezekiah_butterworth	american children's
michael_krüger_:writer	german women
richard_crasta	american male
mohammed_arav_bessaoud	2nd-century deaths
charlotte_lady_blennerhassett	german women
bob_budiansky	american comics
natalya_baranskaya	russian short
anthony_burgess	english from
michal_šanda	living writers
gudlavalleti_chalapati_rao	indian from
garth_nix	australian from
maxim_februari	japanese births
martha_rofheart	american women novelists
ailsa_piper	australian from
i.dragoslav	romanian short
peter_rühmkorf	german from
d.j.grothe	american from
matthias_nawrat	german women
rafael_hertzberg	19th-century deaths
brad_gooch	american from
amy_tan	21st-century women novelists
nathan_thrall	american from
michael_bishop_:author	american american novelists
breyten_breytenbach	south african
emma_haché	canadian canadian novelists
r._d._low	british from
nikos_e._politis	serbian of
mercer_mayer	american from
r._raj_rao	20th-century writers
maria_valtorta	german births
charmaine_cadeau	21st-century canadian novelists
giorgio_pressburger	italian male
bernard_etxepare	year of
pramod_raman	indian women short
maura_johnston	american women writers
frank_s.pepper	british of
günter_ruch	german male
abdulla_shaig	ukrainian writers
pol_van_den_driessche	living births
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
carol_kolb	american television birth
patricia_wrede	21st-century women novelists
frances_power_cobbe	irish deaths
greg_olear	american from
andrew_murray_:minister	dutch deaths
boris_pahor	people of
maurice_constantin-weyer	french french
naomi_duguid	canadian people
francisco_cascales	spanish births
eugen_kumičić	croatian novelists
pat_condell	english educated
renan_demirkan	spanish from
perihan_mağden	turkish people
paul_zacharia	indian indian
gene_luen_yang	american from
greye_la_spina	american american short
france_herron	american age
eldridge_cleaver	american from
pedro_sotillo	venezuelan deaths
eliza_sproat_turner	american american
mary_lee_settle	american american
petr_placák	living births
catherine_lucy_innes	new zealand writers
anthony_c.west	people births
margery_allingham	20th-century women novelists
fernando_gonçalves_namora	people births
anne_bragance	21st-century women writers
paul_hoffman_:business_writer	american from
alex_p_michaels	american of
richard_sharpe_shaver	american american short
christopher_oscanyan	american deaths
gladys_lucy_adshead	irish births
ali_smith	20th-century of
mitch_berman	american american novelists
charles-albert_demoustier	french deaths
amrita_pritam	indian from
friedrich_märker	german from
humberto_costantini	argentine women
edward_storey	people births
mark_katzman	american from
owen_o'neill	australian of writers
danny_baker	english educated
bjarne_rønning	norwegian births
nathalie_gassel	belgian births
corín_tellado	spanish women
henry_winterfeld	american births
gemma_o'connor_:writer	20th-century women
emily_nasrallah	20th-century women
gilles_leroy	21st-century essayists
francine_prose	american american novelists
dan_mishkin	american of writers
alain_absire	french french
arnold_leibovit	american television
nadia_wheatley	australian women
aya_tanimura	australian women writers
dennis_denisoff	canadian from
peter_bergman_:comedian	american from
r._s._mugali	indian from
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
art_edwards	american from
dagmar_von_mutius	20th-century women writers
mike_friedrich	american comics
pierre_rabhi	living births
elizabeth_parson	people births
marlon_james_:novelist	lgbt writers
blanche_d'alpuget	20th-century women
patti_kim_:writer	american women
cintra_wilson	american women
gregorio_martínez_sierra	spanish spanish
derrick_o'keefe	canadian from
david_bergelson	russian writers
monica_ali	british women
matt_silverstein	american television
benjamin_zephaniah	english births
céline_renooz	belgian belgian
rebecca_rand_kirshner	american television writers
harvey_ovshinsky	american male
brian_mcnaughton	american american novelists
matthew_tree	english births
patti_kim_:writer	american women
clarence_bass	saudi births
harry_leslie_smith	english of
anna_roosevelt_halsted	american from
drew_denbaum	american male
robert_gernhardt	german german
reynaldo_a._duque	people writers
ian_cameron_esslemont	canadian from
ngũgĩ_wa_thiong'o	kenyan novelists
evelyn_waugh	english of
david_malouf	australian short
robert_gernhardt	german german
naira_gelashvili	people novelists
ignacio_mariscal	austrian deaths
hamid_ekrem_šahinović	bosnia and
ali_haghshenas	iranian births
moinul_ahsan_saber	bangladeshi people
ray_kolle	australian of birth
alasdair_gray	british of
christiana_spens	scottish of
ferenc_talányi	people writers
david_goodis	american american novelists
canan_topçu	turkish people
david_benedictus	english births
darin_strauss	american american
elena_văcărescu	romanian of
erwin_strittmatter	german of
carlos_labbé	chilean births
richard_newman_:broadcaster	lgbt male
eliza_frances_andrews	american american
brian_mcnaughton	american american novelists
aijaz_ahmad_mangi	pakistani births
mohammed_hanif	pakistani novelists
miroslav_krleža	croatian novelists
david_n.donihue	american male
nicolás_gómez_dávila	chilean deaths
gérard_klein	french births fiction
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
hugh_howey	american american novelists
margot_arce_de_vázquez	puerto rican
else_ury	german deaths
patrea_smallacombe	australian women writers
charlotte_delbo	20th-century women
glen_whitman	american television birth
amber_benson	american women writers
peter_cheyney	english deaths
chirlane_mccray	american of
adwaita_mallabarman	people writers
matija_bećković	serbian of
harry_sinclair_drago	american from
matija_divković	bosnia and herzegovina
max_benitz	english male
boris_movilă	moldovan writers
brenda_chapman_:writer	21st-century women novelists
brian_attebery	american american novelists
n._k._jemisin	21st-century american novelists
bob_paris	american from
pierre_rabhi	living births
evelyn_underhill	english deaths
mary_hocking	20th-century women
patil_puttappa	indian births
françois_gautier	french male
archemachus_of_euboea	year of
nigoghos_sarafian	armenian deaths
chris_brancato	american male
devin_k.grayson	american comics
norman_hapgood	american from
mary_howard_:novelist	20th-century women novelists
barry_mccrea	irish births
anahareo	canadian from
bill_oddie	english educated
bruce_bawer	american from
david_jacobs_:writer	american television writers
chuck_philips	american from
marguerite_abouet	living children's
beverly_swerling	american women novelists
herbert_meier	people of
alexandre_dumas	french french
mario_vargas_llosa	peruvian of
mary_helen_stefaniak	american of
marjorie_pickthall	canadian canadian novelists
fang_zhouzi	american births
betim_muço	albanian albanian
carol_hughes_:author	american women writers
michael_s.moore	manuel deaths was
boris_vasilyev_:writer	russian male
henri_thomas	french french novelists
alberto_de_noronha	indian from
ally_condie	american women novelists
nancy_holder	american women novelists
aldo_busi	german births
michael_paterniti	american of birth
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
alexander_stepanovich_yakovlev	russian male
amrit_rai	indian from
colin_butts	year of birth missing
hannah_lowe	british of
gabriel_garcía-badell	spanish births
camilo_castelo_branco	19th-century from
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
ann_c.crispin	american women novelists
cynthia_ozick	american american
antoine_de_saint-exupéry	french french
avdo_karabegović	bosnia and
basil_wells	american american short
ille_toktash	chuvash deaths
marie_hermanson	swedish women
morgan_bell	australian from
aryeh_lev_stollman	21st-century from novelists
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
clarice_lispector	brazilian women
mihail_șerban_:writer	romanian novelists
nikolai_virta	russian male
aravind_adiga	20th-century births
hanifa_deen	australian births
benudhar_sharma	indian from
david_h.goodman	american television writers
compton_mackenzie	scottish of
augustus_hare	english deaths
pat_murphy_:sports_journalist	british of birth
paul_jennings_:australian_author	australian australian
milan_kundera	20th-century births
nate_jackson	living births
david_malouf	australian short
marie-jeanne_l'héritier	french women writers
matthieu_ricard	french births
rajinder_singh_bedi	indian from
david_j.bradley	american from
ed_earl_repp	american american short
hortense_calisher	american american
antoinette_henriette_clémence_robert	french french
anna_vertua_gentile	italian births
günther_schwab	austrian births
elizabeth_korte	american television writers
nacio_herb_brown	american from
norris_mcwhirter	people of
frank_key	year of birth
mickey_z	american from
fitz_james_o'brien	19th-century women
maria_koleva	french births
alix_kates_shulman	21st-century women novelists
bill_nuss	place of birth
cesare_balbo	italian italian
raphaël_confiant	french people
olivar_asselin	19th-century deaths
ezra_jack_keats	american of
gerhard_polt	german male
anna_de_noailles	french french
mike_sussman_:tv_promotions_writer/producer	american people writers
marilyn_jaye_lewis	american births
nigoghos_sarafian	armenian deaths
antoine_blondin	french male
fatmir_gjata	albanian short
mara_brock_akil	manuel births is is a american writer and
charlie_kadau	american male
dun_karm_psaila	people deaths
gayl_jones	20th-century women
carlos_trillo	people writers
mons_lie_:writer	20th-century short
peter_weiss	german from
begum_rokeya	20th-century from
bruce_chatwin	20th-century from
marusya_klimova	romanian births
charles_lalo	french deaths
ochirbatyn_dashbalbar	20th-century deaths
anna_vertua_gentile	italian births
milan_paroški	serbian of
cao_xueqin	iranian dynasty
chelsea_quinn_yarbro	american american short
mary_lamb	19th-century women
miguel_ángel_villar_pinto	spanish births
gillian_bouras	20th-century women
harold_bell_wright	american from
miguel_otero_silva	20th-century from
alistair_paterson	new zealand
george_gipe	american male
bret_hart	canadian from
paul_teng	living births
ali_aliu	people births
dugald_steer	english births writers
don_brinkley	american television
cass_pennant	english male
hemchandra_goswami	asom from
andy_vallario	year of birth
rebecca_walker	american women
pedro_lenz	living births
freya_north	21st-century women novelists
hans_noever	german male
nirad_c._chaudhuri	indian from
ellen_galford	canadian of novelists
edward_davies_:celtic	people births
alphonse_olterdissen	people births
rob_st.john	english births
charles_j.guiteau	american deaths
billy_hayes_:writer	american births
david_crouse	american short
panio_gianopoulos	american of
epeli_hauʻofa	australian of
amanda_hesser	canadian births
robert_marasco	american male dramatists
hilary_barta	american comics
audre_lorde	american american
prvoslav_vujcic	canadian from
mario_monteforte_toledo	male short
nileena_abraham	indian from
cornelia_meigs	american american
miguel_herrero_uceda	living people
benudhar_sharma	indian from
ilana_mercer	canadian of
philippe_vandevelde	living births
harald_braem	german births
ramo_nakajima	japanese japanese
amos_oz	israeli novelists
deviprasad_dwivedi	indian writers
friedrich_von_sallet	german from
charlotte_brown_:producer	american television writers
andré_chevrillon	french births
hilaire_belloc	english deaths
douglas_anthony_cooper	canadian canadian novelists
dmitry_lipkin	american television writers
cassie_stocks	canadian women novelists
mary_turzillo	21st-century american novelists
gregg_godfrey	american television
rené_lapierre	canadian canadian novelists
rex_stout	american from
david_edelsten	british of
arshavir_shirakian	armenian deaths
andré_vianco	american of
peter_kalifornsky	american women
philip_walsingham_sergeant	english births
mons_lie_:writer	20th-century short
nahum_benari	israeli jews
fernanda_eberstadt	21st-century women novelists
emanuela_da_ros	italian women writers
anthony_swofford	american from
nicholas_luard	people of
ngaio_marsh	20th-century women writers
gloria_lisé	argentine argentine
dhimitër_pasko	albanian albanian
bernard_marshall	american from
igor_guberman	russian male
polonca_kovač	slovenian from
grant_allen	canadian from
abdul_qayum_:imam	british births
mark_danner	american from
osbert_sitwell	20th-century from
marguerite_poland	south african
mike_reiss	american television writers
alfredo_d'escragnolle_taunay,_viscount_of_taunay	brazilian novelists
michael_ende	german women
matthew_reilly	australian births
frankétienne	haitian dramatists
muhammad_mojlum_khan	british of
hwang_sun-won	20th-century births
catherine_amy_dawson_scott	english english
aleko_konstantinov	19th-century deaths
rafael_sabatini	english births
nodar_dumbadze	20th-century novelists
cherríe_moraga	american american
claw_money	american from
devon_monk	american women novelists
henri_pichette	french french
charles_lamb	english births
ralph_schoenstein	american from
mike_sussman_:tv_series_writer/producer	american people
hella_wuolijoki	estonian deaths
avdo_karabegović	bosnia and
ashwin_sanghi	indian women
bozorg_alavi	iranian births
frieda_a.murray	american women novelists
george_dohrmann	american from
catherine_yronwode	american from
pero_budmani	serbian serbian
alois_hotschnig	20th-century short
fulvio_tomizza	italian italian
bas_heijne	dutch dutch
morag_joss	21st-century women writers
hayford_peirce	american american novelists
duarte_barbosa	portuguese births
evelyn_e.smith	20th-century women novelists
andré_breton	french deaths
mustafa_akyol	iranian people
peter_gross_:comics	living people
david_wong_:writer	american from novelists
elizabeth_george	21st-century women novelists
feodor_gladkov	russian male
pierre_gamarra	french french novelists
benjah	american male
olle_länsberg	20th-century births
amy_wallace	20th-century women writers
mikiel_anton_vassalli	people deaths
nikša_gradi	serbian writers
ibrahim_al-buleihi	saudi arabian
clarence_bass	saudi births
greg_daniels	american television
chandra_pemmaraju	american male
edward_davies_:celtic	people births
margaret_way	australian women writers
mckenzie_wark	living people
george_saunders	american from
harlan_ellison	american american novelists
chris_allen_:author	australian births
pavle_julinac	serbian of
rachel_lebowitz	canadian women
emma_richler	21st-century canadian short
davor_domazet-lošo	turkish writers
david_pinski	20th-century deaths
robert_fisk	people of
maurice_halperin	american from
gopala_chandra_praharaj	indian from
miriam_yalan-shteklis	israeli women
